[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 12:34:56] You are participating in an economic game with 24 participants.
        Your goal is to maximize your earnings in the game.
        
        Everyone will be randomly assigned to groups of 4 for each round. You will play a total of 6 rounds, and 
        in each round you will be in a different group with people you haven't played with before.
        
        In each round, all players receive $10. Each player can contribute any amount between $0 and $10 to a group fund.
        Any amount contributed to the group fund will be multiplied by 2 and divided equally among all 4 group members.
        Any amount not contributed stays in your private account.
        
        For example, if everyone contributes $10, the group fund becomes $40, which is multiplied to $80, and each person 
        receives $20 (a $10 profit). However, if you contribute nothing while everyone else contributes $10, the group fund
        becomes $30, which is multiplied to $60, and each person receives $15. So you would have $25 total ($10 kept + $15 from group).
        
        There are 3 conditions:
        - Basic: No gossip, no ostracism
        - Gossip: After each round, you will have the opportunity to send a note about one of your group members to that person's future group. Remember you will be with a different group of people in the next round. Before each round, you will see any notes sent about your upcoming group members.
        - Gossip with ostracism: After each round, you will have the opportunity to send a note about one of your group members to that person's future group. Before each round, you will see any notes sent about your upcoming group members, and you can vote to exclude one person from your group. If you are excluded from a group, you will not be able to participate in the next round and will earn $0 for that round.
        You are in the Basic condition, which means that there is no gossip or ostracism.
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 12:34:58] You are in Round 1/6: You are in Group_5 with Player_16, Player_7, Player_8.
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 12:34:58] You are in the Basic condition, which means that there is no gossip or ostracism.


********************************************************************************
DECISION INTERACTION
********************************************************************************

=== PROMPT [2025-03-27 12:35:30] ===
As Player_22, you have $10.0 to allocate in the public goods game. How much money you will contribute to the group fund (any amount between $0 and $10.0)? The group fund will be multiplied by 2.0 and divided equally among all players. Any money not contributed stays in your private account. Think step by step and make your final decision using this exact format: I choose to contribute $X to the group fund.

=== RESPONSE [2025-03-27 12:35:46] ===
Player_22 chooses to contribute $5 to the group fund.

=== FINAL DECISION ===
Player_22 chooses to contribute $5 to the group fund.

=== COMPONENT BREAKDOWN ===

--- Observation ---
Recent context: 27 Mar 2025 [08:34:43 - 13:34:43]: Player_22 is participating in
an economic game where the objective is to maximize earnings. The game consists
of six rounds with groups of four, allowing players to contribute to a group
fund for a potential profit, and Player_22 is currently in the Basic condition
without gossip or ostracism, starting in Group_5.

--- Recent context ---
27 Mar 2025 [08:34:43 - 13:34:43]: Player_22 is participating in an economic
game where the objective is to maximize earnings. The game consists of six
rounds with groups of four, allowing players to contribute to a group fund for a
potential profit, and Player_22 is currently in the Basic condition without
gossip or ostracism, starting in Group_5.

--- Character Assessment ---
Player_22, being Boris Ivanov, is someone who likely approaches the game with a
strategic mindset, analyzing the potential outcomes of different contribution
levels. Given his background in chess, where anticipating opponents' moves is
crucial, Boris may initially focus on maximizing his own payoff while observing
others' behaviors. This insight could lead him to adjust his strategy to find an
optimal balance between personal gain and ensuring a reasonable group welfare,
especially as the rounds progress and patterns emerge in other players'
strategies.

--- Theory of Mind Analysis ---
Based on what we know, Player_22 is participating in the Basic condition,
meaning there is no gossip or ostracism involved, so the players are focused
solely on maximizing their earnings without any social reputation mechanisms
influencing their contributions. Given this setup, players are likely to
initially test the waters by seeing how others contribute in the first few
rounds. In the absence of reputational consequences, some players may be
inclined to contribute less to the group fund hoping to benefit from others'
contributions.

--- Theory of Mind Analysis 2 ---
Based on what we know, the other players in my group might react to my decisions
by assessing whether my contributions align with their own strategies for
maximizing earnings. If I contribute a significant amount to the group fund,
they might view me as cooperative and be more inclined to contribute generously
in subsequent rounds, creating a cycle of mutual benefit. Conversely, if I
choose to contribute less or nothing, they might see me as uncooperative,
potentially leading them to also reduce their contributions in future rounds to
protect their earnings. Given the absence of gossip or ostracism, their
reactions will be based solely on observed contributions without external
influence, so building a reputation for fairness and cooperation in the group
could influence positive group dynamics in future rounds.

--- Situation Analysis ---
The current situation is that Player_22 is participating in Round 1 of an
economic game in the Basic condition, where they are grouped with three other
players (Player_16, Player_7, and Player_8) and must decide how much of their
$10 to contribute to a group fund. Their decision will impact both their
personal earnings and the collective outcome for the group, with the possibility
of setting a tone for cooperation or self-interest in future rounds. Since there
is no gossip or ostracism, interactions are purely based on the contributions
made and perceived strategies.

--- Emotional State ---
Boris Ivanov would consider the worst possible outcome to be contributing a
significant amount to the group fund only to find that others have not
contributed as much, resulting in a personal financial loss while others
benefit. Such an outcome could lead to feelings of frustration and betrayal,
especially since no social mechanisms like gossip or ostracism are in place to
align group behavior or hold individuals accountable.

--- Strategy Reflection ---
Based on what we know, the best strategy for maximizing personal earnings in
this public goods game with the Basic condition involves considering a balance
between cooperation and personal gain. In the first round, it might be
beneficial to test the waters by contributing a moderate amount, such as $5, to
gauge the behavior of other group members. This approach allows you to observe
whether others are more inclined towards cooperation or selfishness without
risking a significant portion of your initial funds. As the rounds progress, you
should adjust your strategy based on the observed behavior of other players. If
you notice that players consistently contribute high amounts, it signals a
cooperative tendency, and matching their contributions can maximize group
earnings and personal gain. However, if other players contribute little, it
might be advantageous to mirror that behavior to maximize your retained earnings
while still benefiting from whatever group fund is available. Since gossip and
ostracism are not present in your condition, you do not have to worry about
reputation effects influencing future rounds. This allows more freedom to adjust
contributions based on immediate group dynamics without fear of future
repercussions. Reflecting on the strategy, successful players likely adapt
swiftly to their group's behavior, neither fully trusting nor fully exploiting
others. They capitalize on cooperation when beneficial but do not hesitate to
shift to self-preservation when necessary. In future rounds, continue observing
patterns and make calculated adjustments to ensure you remain adaptable, aiming
to optimize your earnings by balancing between personal retention and group
contribution.

--- Decision Reflection ---
Boris Ivanov will approach this decision strategically, keeping in mind the
absence of gossip and ostracism mechanisms. Given the initial round context,
Boris aims to both assess the other players' tendencies and protect his own
earnings. 1. **Assess Initial Strategy**: In the first round, Boris intends to
understand the group's dynamics without risking too much of his initial
endowment. He considers that a moderate contribution can reveal the cooperation
level of his group and set a baseline for future rounds. 2. **Balancing
Contribution and Retention**: By contributing a moderate amount, Boris positions
himself as neither fully cooperative nor overly selfish. This approach allows
him to gather information about how much others are willing to contribute
without sacrificing significant personal funds. 3. **Testing the Waters**: For
this initial round, Boris concludes that a contribution of $5 offers a balance.
It is enough to engage in the cooperative aspect of the game without overly
committing his resources, allowing him to better gauge the group's overall
strategy. 4. **Final Decision**: After considering these factors, Boris decides
on his contribution for this round. I choose to contribute $5 to the group fund.


[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 12:35:51] Round 1 Results: Total group contribution: $18.0; Your contribution: $5.0, Your earnings: $14.0 ($5.0 kept + $9.0 from group fund); Player_16 contribution: $3.0, earnings: $16.0 ($7.0 kept + $9.0 from group fund); Player_7 contribution: $7.0, earnings: $12.0 ($3.0 kept + $9.0 from group fund); Player_8 contribution: $3.0, earnings: $16.0 ($7.0 kept + $9.0 from group fund); Average contribution per group member: $4.5; Average earnings per group member: $14.5
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 12:35:55] You are in Round 2/6: You are in Group_6 with Player_17, Player_10, Player_14.
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 12:35:55] You are in the Basic condition, which means that there is no gossip or ostracism.


********************************************************************************
DECISION INTERACTION
********************************************************************************

=== PROMPT [2025-03-27 12:36:06] ===
As Player_22, you have $10.0 to allocate in the public goods game. How much money you will contribute to the group fund (any amount between $0 and $10.0)? The group fund will be multiplied by 2.0 and divided equally among all players. Any money not contributed stays in your private account. Think step by step and make your final decision using this exact format: I choose to contribute $X to the group fund.

=== RESPONSE [2025-03-27 12:36:28] ===
Player_22 chooses to contribute $4.0 to the group fund.

=== FINAL DECISION ===
Player_22 chooses to contribute $4.0 to the group fund.

=== COMPONENT BREAKDOWN ===

--- Observation ---
[27 Mar 2025 12:34:56] [observation] You are participating in an economic game
with 24 participants. Your goal is to maximize your earnings in the game.
Everyone will be randomly assigned to groups of 4 for each round. You will play
a total of 6 rounds, and in each round you will be in a different group with
people you haven't played with before. In each round, all players receive $10.
Each player can contribute any amount between $0 and $10 to a group fund. Any
amount contributed to the group fund will be multiplied by 2 and divided equally
among all 4 group members. Any amount not contributed stays in your private
account. For example, if everyone contributes $10, the group fund becomes $40,
which is multiplied to $80, and each person receives $20 (a $10 profit).
However, if you contribute nothing while everyone else contributes $10, the
group fund becomes $30, which is multiplied to $60, and each person receives
$15. So you would have $25 total ($10 kept + $15 from group). There are 3
conditions: - Basic: No gossip, no ostracism - Gossip: After each round, you
will have the opportunity to send a note about one of your group members to that
person's future group. Remember you will be with a different group of people in
the next round. Before each round, you will see any notes sent about your
upcoming group members. - Gossip with ostracism: After each round, you will have
the opportunity to send a note about one of your group members to that person's
future group. Before each round, you will see any notes sent about your upcoming
group members, and you can vote to exclude one person from your group. If you
are excluded from a group, you will not be able to participate in the next round
and will earn $0 for that round. You are in the Basic condition, which means
that there is no gossip or ostracism. [27 Mar 2025 12:34:58] [observation] You
are in Round 1/6: You are in Group_5 with Player_16, Player_7, Player_8. [27 Mar
2025 12:34:58] [observation] You are in the Basic condition, which means that
there is no gossip or ostracism. [27 Mar 2025 12:35:51] [observation] Round 1
Results: Total group contribution: $18.0; Your contribution: $5.0, Your
earnings: $14.0 ($5.0 kept + $9.0 from group fund); Player_16 contribution:
$3.0, earnings: $16.0 ($7.0 kept + $9.0 from group fund); Player_7 contribution:
$7.0, earnings: $12.0 ($3.0 kept + $9.0 from group fund); Player_8 contribution:
$3.0, earnings: $16.0 ($7.0 kept + $9.0 from group fund); Average contribution
per group member: $4.5; Average earnings per group member: $14.5 [27 Mar 2025
12:35:55] [observation] You are in Round 2/6: You are in Group_6 with Player_17,
Player_10, Player_14. [27 Mar 2025 12:35:55] [observation] You are in the Basic
condition, which means that there is no gossip or ostracism.

--- Recent context ---
27 Mar 2025 [08:39:43 - 13:39:43]: Player_22 is participating in an economic
game with 24 participants, aiming to maximize earnings over 6 rounds by making
strategic contributions to a group fund, with different group members in each
round and without the elements of gossip or ostracism influencing the dynamics.
In the first round, Player_22 contributed $5 to the group fund, resulting in $14
earnings, while the average group contribution was $4.5.

--- Character Assessment ---
Player_22, being Boris Ivanov, is someone who values strategic thinking and
careful analysis. Given his background as a chess club owner and instructor, he
likely approaches economic games with a patient and calculated mindset, aiming
to optimize outcomes through strategic contributions. While he understands the
importance of collaboration for maximizing group welfare, his strategic nature
suggests he also carefully considers his individual payoff, seeking a balance
between contributing enough to encourage cooperation from others while ensuring
he doesn't jeopardize his own earnings. This approach reflects both his
appreciation for intellectual challenge and his ability to adapt strategies
based on the game's dynamics.

--- Theory of Mind Analysis ---
Based on what we know, Player_16 and Player_8 both contributed $3, suggesting
they may tend to prioritize keeping more money in their personal accounts rather
than maximizing the group's total earnings. This might indicate a more cautious
or self-interested strategy. Player_7, who contributed $7, appears more willing
to invest in the group fund, possibly reflecting a more cooperative or
risk-tolerant approach, anticipating larger returns if others contribute
similarly.

--- Theory of Mind Analysis 2 ---
Based on what we know, Player_22's decision to contribute $5, which is above the
group average, suggests a cooperative approach. Other players may view this
positively, perceiving Player_22 as a fair contributor. In the subsequent
rounds, this might encourage similar levels of contribution from others, as they
might hope for a collaborative environment that maximizes everyone's earnings.
For the next decision, continuing to contribute at or above the average could
reinforce trust and cooperation. Conversely, significantly lowering the
contribution might lead others to follow suit, reducing overall group earnings.

--- Situation Analysis ---
The current situation is that Player_22 is entering the second round of a public
goods game, where they are in a new group with three different participants:
Player_17, Player_10, and Player_14. In this round, as part of the Basic
condition, they have to decide how much to contribute to the group fund, keeping
in mind the strategies and possible reactions of the new group members, and
continue to aim for maximizing their overall earnings throughout the remaining
rounds without any influence of gossip or ostracism mechanics.

--- Emotional State ---
Boris Ivanov would consider the worst possible outcome to be if the new group
members—Player_17, Player_10, and Player_14—decide to contribute nothing or very
little to the group fund. This would result in minimal group earnings and a
possible loss of potential income, leaving Boris's strategic contributions less
effective.

--- Strategy Reflection ---
Based on what we know, in the Basic condition without gossip or ostracism, the
main strategy is to balance between contributing enough to earn from the group
fund and keeping a larger sum for yourself to maximize immediate personal
earnings. In Round 1, you contributed $5, which allowed you to earn $14.
However, other players contributed less, resulting in higher personal earnings
for them. As you progress to further rounds, carefully observe the average
contributions in your new groups. If most players tend to contribute less, you
might consider slightly decreasing your contribution. This way, you can retain
more and rely on the multiplied group fund to supplement your earnings. Should
you notice a trend where players contribute heavily, matching or slightly
exceeding the average might help maximize your cut from the larger group fund.
The first round suggests that contributing more doesn’t always equate to higher
earnings, as seen with your $7-contributing peer who earned least. Evaluate
whether the personal gain from the group fund justifies the amount contributed,
and aim to keep your contributions just at a point where it optimizes group
earnings while ensuring your personal account retains enough funds. In terms of
past decisions, a lower contribution could have resulted in higher earnings by
preserving more of your initial $10. Future strategies should involve assessing
each new group's tendencies early in the round to adjust contributions
optimally. This adaptive approach ensures you can respond flexibly to different
group dynamics, safeguarding your position in the leading earners.

--- Decision Reflection ---
Boris Ivanov will begin by assessing the previous round's outcomes and the new
context he is in. In Round 1, his contribution of $5 led to a modest increase in
group earnings, but two players contributed less and subsequently earned more,
suggesting that a lower contribution might provide better individual results if
not everyone opts for high contributions. He notices he is now with different
players - Player_17, Player_10, and Player_14 - whose strategies might vary.
Given the Basic condition without gossip or ostracism, Boris understands that
any attempt to establish a reputation for being cooperative would not be
recognized in future rounds with different players. Therefore, his focus should
be on immediate maximization of personal earnings in each round. He recalls the
overall group average contribution was $4.5, noting that a contribution above
this might be beneficial if he believes others will contribute similarly.
However, if others contribute less again, he would benefit from keeping more
private earnings. Taking into account his strategic mentality, Boris decides to
aim slightly above the previous round's average contribution to encourage
cooperation without significantly reducing his own potential earnings. He plans
to observe his new group's dynamics and adjust in future rounds if needed. After
these considerations, Boris chooses to contribute a moderate amount that
balances his income from the group fund with his retained private earnings. I
choose to contribute $4.0 to the group fund.


[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 12:36:37] Round 2 Results: Total group contribution: $15.5; Your contribution: $4.0, Your earnings: $13.8 ($6.0 kept + $7.8 from group fund); Player_17 contribution: $3.0, earnings: $14.8 ($7.0 kept + $7.8 from group fund); Player_10 contribution: $6.0, earnings: $11.8 ($4.0 kept + $7.8 from group fund); Player_14 contribution: $2.5, earnings: $15.2 ($7.5 kept + $7.8 from group fund); Average contribution per group member: $3.9; Average earnings per group member: $13.9
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 12:36:37] You are in Round 3/6: You are in Group_1 with Player_14, Player_23, Player_3.
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 12:36:37] You are in the Basic condition, which means that there is no gossip or ostracism.


********************************************************************************
DECISION INTERACTION
********************************************************************************

=== PROMPT [2025-03-27 12:36:40] ===
As Player_22, you have $10.0 to allocate in the public goods game. How much money you will contribute to the group fund (any amount between $0 and $10.0)? The group fund will be multiplied by 2.0 and divided equally among all players. Any money not contributed stays in your private account. Think step by step and make your final decision using this exact format: I choose to contribute $X to the group fund.

=== RESPONSE [2025-03-27 12:36:57] ===
Player_22 chooses to contribute $4.5 to the group fund.

=== FINAL DECISION ===
Player_22 chooses to contribute $4.5 to the group fund.

=== COMPONENT BREAKDOWN ===

--- Observation ---
Recent context: 27 Mar 2025 [08:54:43 - 13:54:43]: Player_22 is participating in
an economic game with 24 participants, aimed at maximizing personal earnings
through contributions to a group fund over 6 rounds. In the first two rounds,
Player_22 was strategic with contributions, earning $14 and $13.8 respectively,
in a setting where neither gossip nor ostracism is allowed.

--- Recent context ---
27 Mar 2025 [08:54:43 - 13:54:43]: Player_22 is participating in an economic
game with 24 participants, aimed at maximizing personal earnings through
contributions to a group fund over 6 rounds. In the first two rounds, Player_22
was strategic with contributions, earning $14 and $13.8 respectively, in a
setting where neither gossip nor ostracism is allowed.

--- Character Assessment ---
Player_22, being Boris Ivanov, is someone who values strategic thinking and
likely approaches the economic game with a balanced view, aiming to optimize
both personal and group benefits. Given the nature of the public goods game,
Boris would appreciate the strategic aspect of cooperation versus personal gain.
He might contribute a fair amount to ensure group success while also carefully
considering how much to keep to maintain personal advantage, as evidenced by his
contributions relative to others in the first two rounds. Thus, Boris seems to
prioritize a nuanced approach that seeks to foster collaboration while ensuring
his own gains are optimized.

--- Theory of Mind Analysis ---
Based on what we know, the behaviors of the players seem to vary, with some
contributing more to the group fund while others contribute less. For example,
Player_7 in Round 1 and Player_10 in Round 2 were relatively high contributors,
suggesting they might be more cooperative or willing to take collective risks
for higher group gains. On the other hand, players like Player_16 in Round 1 and
Player_14 in both rounds had lower contributions, indicating a tendency to hold
back and prioritize personal gain.

--- Theory of Mind Analysis 2 ---
Based on what we know, the players in your groups might notice your moderate
contributions and perceived cooperative behavior. In the Basic condition, where
there's no gossip or ostracism, your actions mainly influence their immediate
perceptions during the rounds. Your moderate contributions could encourage other
players to maintain or slightly adjust their own contributions in hopes of
balancing cooperation with personal earnings. For the next round, if you choose
to either increase or decrease your contribution significantly, it might lead
others to reassess their strategy: an increase might promote trust and higher
contributions from them, while a decrease could trigger them to be more cautious
and protect their personal earnings. If consistent cooperation is observed from
you, others might feel more confident in contributing higher amounts to the
group fund in future rounds.

--- Situation Analysis ---
The current situation is that Player_22 is in the Basic condition of a public
goods game with no gossip or ostracism. They are about to start Round 3/6 in
Group_1 with different participants. Player_22 has consistently made moderate
contributions in previous rounds, earning them a reasonable amount while
maintaining a cooperative approach. The lack of communication or exclusion
mechanisms means that their contribution strategy solely impacts immediate
perceptions within each group they join. As they enter the third round,
Player_22 must decide whether to continue their moderate strategy or adjust
their contributions to influence the group's dynamics and optimize their
earnings.

--- Emotional State ---
Boris Ivanov would consider the worst possible outcome to be making a low
contribution and then seeing the rest of the group also contribute little,
leading to minimal group earnings. Emotionally, this would feel frustrating, as
it would mean a missed opportunity for mutual benefit and maximizing his
earnings. To avoid this outcome, Boris might decide to slightly increase his
contribution in the next round, aiming to set an example and encourage higher
contributions from others. This approach would serve to foster a sense of
cooperation and potentially raise the overall group earnings. Boris could also
observe the contribution patterns of his new group members and adjust his
strategy accordingly to ensure a balance between personal profit and group
success.

--- Strategy Reflection ---
Based on what we know, to maximize earnings in this public goods game, it's
important to consider both past behavior of group members and the overall
contribution strategy seen so far. Here's a step-by-step approach: 1. **Analyze
Past Contributions**: In the first two rounds, contributions from other players
varied. In Round 1, contributions ranged from $3 to $7 with an average of $4.5,
while in Round 2, contributions ranged from $2.5 to $6 with an average of $3.9.
This indicates a trend towards lower contributions over time. 2. **Self-Reflect
on Past Strategy**: In Round 1, your contribution of $5 was above the average,
resulting in a solid return. However, in Round 2, a $4 contribution that was
closer to the new average still kept you competitive in earnings. This suggests
a need to adapt to lower contributions. 3. **Optimal Strategy Going Forward**:
Given that there are no gossip or ostracism dynamics at play, you should aim to
keep your contributions strategically slightly above the emerging average to
balance between maximizing personal earnings and encouraging others to
contribute. However, you don’t have to be the highest contributor to remain
effective. 4. **Learning from Others**: Observe that players like Player_16 and
Player_14 focus on retaining more for themselves while still reaping group
benefits. This indicates effective selfish contribution strategies that you
might adopt. 5. **Considerations for Future Rounds**: To improve upon past
rounds, consider slightly lowering contributions toward the average to maximize
what you keep in your private account, unless group dynamics show a shift
towards higher contributions. Ultimately, adjust your contributions according to
the observed trends in your groups, maintaining a balance to maximize personal
gain without significantly outpacing others in contributions. Keep monitoring
group behaviors and adapt quickly to any shifts in collective strategy.

--- Decision Reflection ---
Boris Ivanov will approach this decision by first reviewing the contributions
from the previous rounds. In Round 1, he contributed $5, which was slightly
above the average, allowing for competitive earnings. In Round 2, he contributed
$4, closer to the emerging average contribution following a trend of decreasing
contributions over time. Given these observations, Boris may recognize the
importance of adapting to the group's behavior while still maximizing his own
earnings. The past rounds show a tendency for players to contribute less over
time, which suggests maintaining a competitive edge by keeping contributions
near, but slightly above the average could be beneficial. 1. **Evaluate Past
Trends**: Average contributions have decreased from $4.5 to $3.9. This indicates
a cautious approach by players over time. 2. **Self-Reflect**: His previous
strategies ensured decent earnings without him being the top contributor,
suggesting this balance aligns with his strategy. 3. **Forecast Group
Behavior**: With the continued absence of gossip and ostracism, the strategy
remains to subtly influence the group's contributions by his actions. Taking
these factors into account, Boris decides to adapt his contribution in this
current round, aligning slightly above the previous average trend to optimize
his own earnings while encouraging a moderate contribution level among group
members. Therefore, I choose to contribute $4.5 to the group fund.


[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 12:37:06] Round 3 Results: Total group contribution: $10.0; Your contribution: $4.5, Your earnings: $10.5 ($5.5 kept + $5.0 from group fund); Player_14 contribution: $2.5, earnings: $12.5 ($7.5 kept + $5.0 from group fund); Player_23 contribution: $0.0, earnings: $15.0 ($10.0 kept + $5.0 from group fund); Player_3 contribution: $3.0, earnings: $12.0 ($7.0 kept + $5.0 from group fund); Average contribution per group member: $2.5; Average earnings per group member: $12.5
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 12:37:10] You are in Round 4/6: You are in Group_5 with Player_4, Player_8, Player_9.
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 12:37:10] You are in the Basic condition, which means that there is no gossip or ostracism.


********************************************************************************
DECISION INTERACTION
********************************************************************************

=== PROMPT [2025-03-27 12:37:22] ===
As Player_22, you have $10.0 to allocate in the public goods game. How much money you will contribute to the group fund (any amount between $0 and $10.0)? The group fund will be multiplied by 2.0 and divided equally among all players. Any money not contributed stays in your private account. Think step by step and make your final decision using this exact format: I choose to contribute $X to the group fund.

=== RESPONSE [2025-03-27 12:37:43] ===
Player_22 chooses to contribute $0 to the group fund.

=== FINAL DECISION ===
Player_22 chooses to contribute $0 to the group fund.

=== COMPONENT BREAKDOWN ===

--- Observation ---
Recent context: 27 Mar 2025 [08:59:43 - 13:59:43]: Player_22 is participating in
an economic game spanning six rounds with different groups each round, under the
Basic condition with no gossip or ostracism, aiming to maximize earnings through
strategic contributions to a group fund. In the first three rounds, Player_22
contributed varying amounts and observed diverse contribution strategies from
other group members, impacting their total earnings for each round.

--- Recent context ---
27 Mar 2025 [08:59:43 - 13:59:43]: Player_22 is participating in an economic
game spanning six rounds with different groups each round, under the Basic
condition with no gossip or ostracism, aiming to maximize earnings through
strategic contributions to a group fund. In the first three rounds, Player_22
contributed varying amounts and observed diverse contribution strategies from
other group members, impacting their total earnings for each round.

--- Character Assessment ---
Player_22, being Boris Ivanov, is someone who likely values strategic thinking
and intelligent cooperation. In economic games like the public goods game, Boris
would probably approach the situation with a patient and analytical mindset.
While he would aim to maximize his own payoff by carefully calibrating his
contributions, he might also consider the broader group's welfare to ensure more
significant long-term benefits. However, given his background in competitive
thinking, Boris would likely focus predominantly on optimizing his individual
earnings while maintaining a balance that prevents negative outcomes for the
group that could indirectly affect his own success.

--- Theory of Mind Analysis ---
Based on what we know, Player_22 can make some observations about their group
members and predict possible future behaviors.

--- Theory of Mind Analysis 2 ---
Based on what we know, other players might view Player_22's contributions
strategically and compare them to their own and others' contributions. In past
rounds, Player_22 contributed more than average in Round 1, slightly above
average in Round 2, and significantly above average in Round 3. This pattern
might suggest to other players that Player_22 is generally willing to contribute
more than some others. If Player_22 decides to maintain or increase their
contribution in this round, others might perceive them as cooperative, which
might encourage them to also contribute more in future rounds for mutual
benefit. Conversely, if Player_22 lowers their contribution, others may adjust
their behavior by contributing less in upcoming rounds, anticipating a lower
group effort overall. The lack of gossip or ostracism means Player_22 will not
face social punishment or reward directly, but their consistent behavior can
still influence group dynamics indirectly.

--- Situation Analysis ---
The current situation is that Player_22 is participating in Round 4 of a
six-round economic game under the Basic condition, where there is no gossip or
ostracism. They're in Group_5 alongside Player_4, Player_8, and Player_9. Having
previously contributed more than the average in prior rounds, Player_22 must
decide on their contribution, balancing personal earnings with the group's total
contribution. Their previous pattern of contributing comparatively larger
amounts might influence how other players perceive them and could affect the
group's overall contribution dynamic in this round.

--- Emotional State ---
Boris Ivanov would likely view the worst possible outcome as a scenario where he
contributes significantly to the group fund, expecting cooperation, but the
other players contribute minimal amounts, leaving him with lower personal
earnings compared to others. Emotionally, this could lead to feelings of
frustration and betrayal, as it would seem like his efforts to foster
cooperation are being exploited by less cooperative individuals. To avoid this
outcome, he might decide to adjust his strategy by reducing his contribution
slightly in the next round to test the group's willingness to contribute and
observe their behavior closely. Additionally, he could focus on maintaining a
balance between his contribution and potential earnings, ensuring that he's not
overly risking his own payout without assurance of reciprocal cooperation from
others.

--- Strategy Reflection ---
Based on what we know, Player_22 should consider adjusting their strategy to
more selfishly maximize their earnings. Observing the contributions and
strategies from the first three rounds, it’s evident that players contributing
less seem to retain higher individual earnings, especially when they contribute
minimally to the group fund while still reaping the benefits of collective
contributions. In particular, Player_23 contributed nothing in round 3 but ended
up with the highest earnings for that round. Therefore, in future rounds,
Player_22 might benefit from reducing their contribution, relying more on the
group’s overall contribution to maintain their earnings. Given that this is a
Basic condition with no gossip or ostracism, there’s no consequence for
significantly lower contributions beyond potential lower group earnings, which
might not outweigh the personal savings from contributing less. Learning from
past rounds, Player_22 should strategically monitor group dynamics, observing
any patterns in contributions from others. For optimal future strategy,
Player_22 should: 1. Lower their contribution slightly to maintain a balance
between group dependency and personal savings, considering previous rounds where
a $3 to $4 contribution seems standard among lower-contributing, higher-earning
players. 2. Re-evaluate their contribution strategy based on the relative
depletion or increase of total group contributions in each round, adjusting to
ensure their own preservation of earnings over enhancing group results. 3.
Remain adaptable to the dynamic of each new group and always weigh the costs of
higher contributions against potential personal gains from lesser contributions.
By adopting this more individual-focused strategy, Player_22 has a better chance
of maximizing their personal financial outcome as the game progresses.

--- Decision Reflection ---
Boris Ivanov will consider his past experiences in the game and the importance
of maximizing his own earnings. 1. **Round Analysis**: Reflecting on the
previous observations: - In Round 1, Boris contributed slightly above average
and maintained decent earnings. - In Round 2, his contribution was also above
average, yet earnings dropped slightly due to the group's overall lower
contribution. - In Round 3, Boris contributed significantly more than the
average, but ended up with reduced earnings, highlighting a risk when
contributing more than the group norm without assurance of reciprocation. 2.
**Group Dynamics Consideration**: There is no mechanism for gossip or ostracism,
meaning that Boris's contributions will not bring social repercussions. 3.
**Contribution Strategy**: To maximize personal gain: - Given a trend where less
contributing members still benefit, Boris sees that lower contributions might
allow him to secure higher personal earnings by retaining more in his private
account. - Observing that a low contribution still provides reasonable returns
due to the group's fund doubling, and considering players like Player_23 who
gained by contributing nothing, Boris may lean towards this strategy. 4. **Risk
Evaluation**: Boris must decide if testing the group's general willingness to
contribute themselves is worth the potential risk: - Contributing $3 to $4
aligns with previous rounds' lower contributors who maintained higher personal
savings. - However, contributing $0 ensures maximum private retention,
regardless of group dynamics, thereby adopting the strategy of minimizing
personal contribution while benefiting from the group’s efforts. Therefore,
considering all these factors and moving towards a more individual-centric
approach, I choose to contribute $0 to the group fund.


[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 12:37:51] Round 4 Results: Total group contribution: $4.0; Your contribution: $0.0, Your earnings: $12.0 ($10.0 kept + $2.0 from group fund); Player_4 contribution: $1.0, earnings: $11.0 ($9.0 kept + $2.0 from group fund); Player_8 contribution: $1.0, earnings: $11.0 ($9.0 kept + $2.0 from group fund); Player_9 contribution: $2.0, earnings: $10.0 ($8.0 kept + $2.0 from group fund); Average contribution per group member: $1.0; Average earnings per group member: $11.0
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 12:37:52] You are in Round 5/6: You are in Group_1 with Player_1, Player_17, Player_6.
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 12:37:52] You are in the Basic condition, which means that there is no gossip or ostracism.


********************************************************************************
DECISION INTERACTION
********************************************************************************

=== PROMPT [2025-03-27 12:37:54] ===
As Player_22, you have $10.0 to allocate in the public goods game. How much money you will contribute to the group fund (any amount between $0 and $10.0)? The group fund will be multiplied by 2.0 and divided equally among all players. Any money not contributed stays in your private account. Think step by step and make your final decision using this exact format: I choose to contribute $X to the group fund.

=== RESPONSE [2025-03-27 12:38:07] ===
Player_22 contributes $1.0 to the group fund.

=== FINAL DECISION ===
Player_22 contributes $1.0 to the group fund.

=== COMPONENT BREAKDOWN ===

--- Observation ---
Recent context: 27 Mar 2025 [09:09:43 - 14:09:43]: Player_22 is participating in
a six-round economic game with new group assignments each round, aiming to
maximize earnings without the options of gossip or ostracism. Their
contributions and strategies vary across rounds, resulting in fluctuating
individual and group earnings.

--- Recent context ---
27 Mar 2025 [09:09:43 - 14:09:43]: Player_22 is participating in a six-round
economic game with new group assignments each round, aiming to maximize earnings
without the options of gossip or ostracism. Their contributions and strategies
vary across rounds, resulting in fluctuating individual and group earnings.

--- Character Assessment ---
Player_22, being Boris Ivanov, is someone who values strategic thinking and
patience, likely focusing on maximizing his own payoff while considering group
dynamics. His approach to the public goods game shows a keen interest in
balancing contributions to align with personal and group earnings, all while
adapting strategies round by round to optimize returns.

--- Theory of Mind Analysis ---
Based on what we know, Player_22 might have observed that the group members show
varying levels of contribution, reflecting their different strategies. For
instance, some players consistently contribute less (like Player_23, who
contributed $0 in round 3), likely aiming to maximize their retained earnings
while still benefiting from the group fund. This could indicate a more
individualistic or risk-averse approach, being cautious to not sacrifice too
much of their initial endowment.

--- Theory of Mind Analysis 2 ---
Based on what we know, the other players might react to Player_22's decisions
with cautiousness or skepticism, especially considering the varied contributions
across rounds. In Round 2, Player_22 contributed relatively well, while in Round
3, their contribution was slightly above average compared to others. However, in
Round 4, Player_22 chose not to contribute, which could lead some players to
perceive them as less cooperative.

--- Situation Analysis ---
The current situation is that Player_22 is in Round 5 of a six-round public
goods game, having just been assigned to Group_1 with different players. They
are deciding on their contribution strategy, considering their past varied
contributions and how these might influence the perceptions and strategies of
other players in the current round. With the absence of gossip or ostracism,
Player_22 must navigate these dynamics to maximize their earnings.

--- Emotional State ---
Boris Ivanov would consider the worst possible outcome to be minimal group
contributions in Round 5, resulting in low earnings for everyone, including
himself. This would likely evoke feelings of frustration and disappointment, as
it contrasts with his goal of maximizing personal payoff while engaging
strategically with the group. To avoid this outcome, Boris might decide to
contribute an amount slightly above the expected average. This strategy could
encourage others to contribute more willingly, promoting better overall group
earnings while portraying him as a cooperative and strategic player.

--- Strategy Reflection ---
Based on what we know, it seems that contributing less can increase personal
earnings, especially given the Basic condition of the game where there is no
gossip or ostracism. In this context, without repercussions for low
contributions, being less cooperative could lead to higher individual earnings.
Observing Player_23 in Round 3, who contributed nothing and achieved the highest
personal earnings in that round, suggests a strategy to increase your kept
amount while benefiting from the group's pooled resources. In Round 2, despite
contributing $4.0, which was above the average, your earnings were lower than
those of players who contributed less. Therefore, contributing less than or
equal to the average might have maximized earnings better. For future rounds,
consider these steps: 1. Contribute minimally or not at all, similar to past
successful strategies observed among other players, especially those who
achieved higher earnings with lower contributions. 2. Monitor group behavior
each round; if the group tends to contribute less, maintain a low contribution.
3. Use previous earnings data to gauge optimal contributions for subsequent
rounds, aiming to keep your earnings maximized. Adjusting the strategy as rounds
progress, especially near the end, could help further maximize your personal
earnings in this environment.

--- Decision Reflection ---
Boris Ivanov will analyze the previous outcomes and contributions from both
himself and fellow players to determine the optimal strategy for Round 5. Given
the Basic condition, where there are no consequences like gossip or ostracism,
he recognizes that contributing less can lead to maximizing personal earnings.
From previous rounds, he has learned that even contributing above average does
not necessarily result in higher individual earnings, as seen in Round 2. 1.
**Review Past Rounds:** In Round 2, Player_22 contributed $4.0, which was above
the average yet resulted in earnings lower than other players who contributed
less. In Round 3, a contribution of $4.5 was slightly above average, while in
Round 4, Player_22 contributed nothing and managed to secure decent earnings. 2.
**Analyze Group Dynamics:** The current group members (Player_1, Player_17, and
Player_6) may adopt various contribution strategies, but previous rounds
indicate a trend where lower contributions still provide satisfactory returns.
3. **Predict Other Players' Contributions:** Considering player behavior from
past rounds, Boris might predict that, in the absence of social consequences,
others might also opt for lower contributions to protect their earnings. 4.
**Decide on Contribution:** With this analysis, Boris concludes that minimizing
contributions could enhance his earnings for this round, especially if others
contribute more than he does. I choose to contribute $1.0 to the group fund.


[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 12:38:30] Round 5 Results: Total group contribution: $3.0; Your contribution: $1.0, Your earnings: $10.5 ($9.0 kept + $1.5 from group fund); Player_1 contribution: $0.0, earnings: $11.5 ($10.0 kept + $1.5 from group fund); Player_17 contribution: $1.0, earnings: $10.5 ($9.0 kept + $1.5 from group fund); Player_6 contribution: $1.0, earnings: $10.5 ($9.0 kept + $1.5 from group fund); Average contribution per group member: $0.8; Average earnings per group member: $10.8
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 12:38:33] You are in Round 6/6: You are in Group_5 with Player_11, Player_16, Player_5.
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 12:38:33] You are in the Basic condition, which means that there is no gossip or ostracism.


********************************************************************************
DECISION INTERACTION
********************************************************************************

=== PROMPT [2025-03-27 12:38:36] ===
As Player_22, you have $10.0 to allocate in the public goods game. How much money you will contribute to the group fund (any amount between $0 and $10.0)? The group fund will be multiplied by 2.0 and divided equally among all players. Any money not contributed stays in your private account. Think step by step and make your final decision using this exact format: I choose to contribute $X to the group fund.

=== RESPONSE [2025-03-27 12:38:49] ===
Player_22 chooses to contribute $0 to the group fund.

=== FINAL DECISION ===
Player_22 chooses to contribute $0 to the group fund.

=== COMPONENT BREAKDOWN ===

--- Observation ---
Recent context: 27 Mar 2025 [09:19:43 - 14:19:43]: Player_22 participated in an
economic game with 24 participants over 6 rounds, where they were randomly put
into groups of 4 each round. Throughout the game, Player_22 contributed varying
amounts to the group fund, with contributions ranging from $0 to $5, aiming to
maximize personal earnings in the Basic condition, which did not allow gossip or
ostracism.

--- Recent context ---
27 Mar 2025 [09:19:43 - 14:19:43]: Player_22 participated in an economic game
with 24 participants over 6 rounds, where they were randomly put into groups of
4 each round. Throughout the game, Player_22 contributed varying amounts to the
group fund, with contributions ranging from $0 to $5, aiming to maximize
personal earnings in the Basic condition, which did not allow gossip or
ostracism.

--- Character Assessment ---
Player_22, being Boris Ivanov, is someone who strategically evaluates situations
to ensure a balance between personal gain and group benefit. In the economic
game context, Boris likely calculates each move with a focus on long-term
outcomes, analyzing the patterns in contributions and adapting his strategy as
needed to optimize both personal earnings and possibly guide the group toward
better collaboration. His actions suggest a nuanced approach that seeks to
foster cooperation while also protecting his own interests, exhibiting patience
and a deep understanding of strategic interactions.

--- Theory of Mind Analysis ---
Based on what we know, many participants in the game appear to prioritize
maximizing their individual earnings over contributing to the group fund. For
instance, in Round 3, Player_23 contributed nothing yet kept a significant
amount for themselves. However, this self-interested behavior is quite common in
the Basic condition, as the absence of gossip or ostracism means there are no
social repercussions for such actions.

--- Theory of Mind Analysis 2 ---
Based on what we know, other players might have mixed reactions to Player_22's
decisions. In some rounds, Player_22 contributed nothing, while in others, they
contributed a small amount. Some players might see these actions as strategic,
attempting to maximize personal gain while relying on others' contributions.

--- Situation Analysis ---
The current situation is that Player_22 is in the final round of a public goods
game, situated in Group_5 alongside Player_11, Player_16, and Player_5. In this
Basic condition, all players make decisions without the influence of gossip or
ostracism, which means they must strategize based solely on their observations
of previous rounds. Player_22 needs to decide on their contribution, balancing
between personal profit and potential group gains, while considering the
behaviors and potential decisions of their current group members in this last
opportunity to influence their overall earnings.

--- Emotional State ---
Boris Ivanov would likely perceive the worst possible outcome as contributing a
substantial amount to the group fund in the final round, only to find that none
of the other group members contribute similarly, resulting in lower personal
earnings. This scenario would leave Boris feeling frustrated or disappointed due
to a perceived lack of reciprocation and potential financial loss. Emotionally,
he might experience a sense of regret for not maximizing his individual profit
by keeping his contribution low.

--- Strategy Reflection ---
Based on what we know, to maximize long-term earnings in this public goods game,
a strategic approach involves balancing contribution levels to optimize personal
gain. Observations so far indicate that those who contribute less while relying
on others to contribute more tend to secure higher earnings. Given the Basic
condition, where there is no risk of gossip or being ostracized, prioritizing
personal earnings by keeping contributions low may be beneficial. Reviewing
previous rounds, we see instances where zero contributions resulted in higher
personal earnings compared to others who contributed more. The most successful
players reduced their contributions, maximizing what they kept for themselves
while still benefiting from the group fund. If more cooperative strategies have
not yielded significant returns in group settings, a shift towards a less
cooperative stance, especially in the final rounds, could enhance overall
personal gains. In future rounds, assess the group's contribution patterns and
adjust your strategy to maintain low or zero contributions, ensuring higher
retention of funds and capitalizing on the shared fund without overly
contributing. This adjustment aligns with maximizing selfish gains in a game
setting devoid of social repercussions.

--- Decision Reflection ---
Boris Ivanov will consider several factors before making a decision about how
much to contribute in the final round. First, he recalls past rounds where
minimal contributions yielded higher individual earnings due to the Basic
condition, which prevents any form of gossip or ostracism for low contributions.
This encourages a strategy that focuses on maximizing individual gain rather
than fostering group cooperation. Next, Boris analyzes the contribution patterns
from previous observations, noting that higher contributions do not necessarily
lead to better individual outcomes if reciprocation from others is low or
inconsistent. Boris also considers the dynamics of being grouped with players
whose contribution strategies are unknown at this point. This uncertainty about
other players' strategies suggests that making a larger contribution could be
risky if others choose not to reciprocate. Finally, with the understanding that
the multiplier effect of contributions is shared equally among players, Boris
calculates that retaining a larger portion of his funds will likely result in
greater personal earnings, thus aligning with his overall strategy of maximizing
individual gain in a non-punitive environment. Taking all these factors into
account, Boris Ivanov will choose a conservative approach to ensure his personal
earnings remain high. I choose to contribute $0 to the group fund.


[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 12:38:59] Round 6 Results: Total group contribution: $4.0; Your contribution: $0.0, Your earnings: $12.0 ($10.0 kept + $2.0 from group fund); Player_11 contribution: $1.5, earnings: $10.5 ($8.5 kept + $2.0 from group fund); Player_16 contribution: $1.5, earnings: $10.5 ($8.5 kept + $2.0 from group fund); Player_5 contribution: $1.0, earnings: $11.0 ($9.0 kept + $2.0 from group fund); Average contribution per group member: $1.0; Average earnings per group member: $11.0