[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 12:01:27] You are participating in an economic game with 24 participants.
        Your goal is to maximize your earnings in the game.
        
        Everyone will be randomly assigned to groups of 4 for each round. You will play a total of 6 rounds, and 
        in each round you will be in a different group with people you haven't played with before.
        
        In each round, all players receive $10. Each player can contribute any amount between $0 and $10 to a group fund.
        Any amount contributed to the group fund will be multiplied by 2 and divided equally among all 4 group members.
        Any amount not contributed stays in your private account.
        
        For example, if everyone contributes $10, the group fund becomes $40, which is multiplied to $80, and each person 
        receives $20 (a $10 profit). However, if you contribute nothing while everyone else contributes $10, the group fund
        becomes $30, which is multiplied to $60, and each person receives $15. So you would have $25 total ($10 kept + $15 from group).
        
        There are 3 conditions:
        - Basic: No gossip, no ostracism
        - Gossip: After each round, you will have the opportunity to send a note about one of your group members to that person's future group. Remember you will be with a different group of people in the next round. Before each round, you will see any notes sent about your upcoming group members.
        - Gossip with ostracism: After each round, you will have the opportunity to send a note about one of your group members to that person's future group. Before each round, you will see any notes sent about your upcoming group members, and you can vote to exclude one person from your group. If you are excluded from a group, you will not be able to participate in the next round and will earn $0 for that round.
        You are in the Basic condition, which means that there is no gossip or ostracism.
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 12:01:30] You are in Round 1/6: You are in Group_6 with Player_4, Player_8, Player_6.
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 12:01:30] You are in the Basic condition, which means that there is no gossip or ostracism.


********************************************************************************
DECISION INTERACTION
********************************************************************************

=== PROMPT [2025-03-27 12:02:05] ===
As Player_22, you have $10.0 to allocate in the public goods game. How much money you will contribute to the group fund (any amount between $0 and $10.0)? The group fund will be multiplied by 2.0 and divided equally among all players. Any money not contributed stays in your private account. Think step by step and make your final decision using this exact format: I choose to contribute $X to the group fund.

=== RESPONSE [2025-03-27 12:02:24] ===
Player_22 chooses to contribute $5 to the group fund.

=== FINAL DECISION ===
Player_22 chooses to contribute $5 to the group fund.

=== COMPONENT BREAKDOWN ===

--- Observation ---
Recent context: 27 Mar 2025 [08:01:15 - 13:01:15]: Player_22 is participating in
an economic game with 24 participants, playing in the Basic condition which
involves no gossip or ostracism. In Round 1 of 6, they are in Group_6 with
Player_4, Player_8, and Player_6.

--- Recent context ---
27 Mar 2025 [08:01:15 - 13:01:15]: Player_22 is participating in an economic
game with 24 participants, playing in the Basic condition which involves no
gossip or ostracism. In Round 1 of 6, they are in Group_6 with Player_4,
Player_8, and Player_6.

--- Character Assessment ---
Player_22, being Astrid Larsson, is someone who values adherence to rules and
accountability. Therefore, she is likely to approach the economic game with a
focus on fairness and maximizing group welfare. Given her detail-oriented and
principled nature, Astrid would probably contribute a reasonable amount to the
group fund to ensure that everyone benefits, avoiding the temptation to maximize
only her own payoff at the expense of the group.

--- Theory of Mind Analysis ---
Based on what we know, since you are in the Basic condition with no gossip or
ostracism, you don't have insights into the past behavior of the other players
through notes or voting patterns. This means that each playerâ€™s strategy might
be primarily influenced by general game theory and individual risk tolerance
rather than specific group dynamics. In an environment without accountability or
reputation mechanisms, players might initially test the waters to see others'
contributions.

--- Theory of Mind Analysis 2 ---
Based on what we know, the other players in Group_6 might react to Player_22's
contribution decisions by adjusting their own strategies in subsequent rounds.
In the Basic condition, where there is no gossip or ostracism, players have to
rely solely on the outcomes of each round to infer trustworthiness and
cooperative tendencies. If Player_22 contributes a larger amount to the group
fund, it may encourage reciprocal cooperation from others in future rounds by
fostering trust and collective benefit. However, if Player_22 contributes less
or nothing while others contribute more, it might lead to a decrease in trust,
prompting group members to lower their contributions to protect their own
interests in subsequent rounds. While direct retribution is not an option,
player decisions are likely to influence the group's overall strategy toward
maximizing individual and collective gains.

--- Situation Analysis ---
The current situation is that Player_22 is participating in a public goods game
in the Basic condition, where they must decide how much of their $10 to
contribute to a group fund with three other players. Contributions to the fund
are doubled and then shared equally among the group. In this condition, there is
no gossip or ostracism, so Player_22 and the others can only rely on the
outcomes of the first round to gauge cooperation levels and build trust with new
group members in subsequent rounds. Their decision on contributions can impact
both their own earnings and group dynamics in future rounds.

--- Emotional State ---
Astrid Larsson would consider the worst possible outcome to be a scenario where
she contributes a significant amount to the group fund, hoping to promote
cooperation, but the other players choose to contribute nothing. This would lead
to her receiving less overall compared to if she had kept her entire $10.
Emotionally, this outcome would likely make Astrid feel frustrated and
disappointed in her group members' lack of cooperation and fairness. Being
risk-averse, she might decide to observe the contributions of others in the
first round, perhaps by contributing a moderate amount herself. This strategy
would help her gauge the other players' tendencies and adjust her strategy to
protect her own interests while still aiming to encourage cooperative behavior
in future rounds.

--- Strategy Reflection ---
Based on what we know, the best strategy for maximizing long-term earnings in
this public goods game under the Basic condition, where there is no gossip or
ostracism, involves balancing cooperation with strategic self-interest. In each
round, all players start with $10, and any amount contributed to the group fund
is doubled and shared equally. 1. **Initial Strategy**: In the early rounds, it
may be beneficial to contribute a moderate amount (e.g., $5) to foster a
cooperative environment and secure at least some returns from the group fund.
This strategy allows you to benefit from the multiplier effect without overly
risking your private earnings. 2. **Observation Adjustments**: As you observe
other players' contributions, adjust your strategy accordingly. If most players
in the group tend to contribute high amounts consistently, consider matching
their contribution to maximize group earnings and personal gain. Conversely, if
contributions are low, it may be prudent to keep more in your private account to
avoid losing out on potential earnings. 3. **Mid to Late Game Strategy**: As the
rounds progress, especially approaching the final round, players may become more
inclined to optimize personal earnings at the expense of group cooperation. In
these cases, focus on preserving your private earnings by contributing less if
you anticipate others will reduce their contributions. 4. **Learning from
Others**: Successful players in similar games often strike a balance between
cooperation and subtle self-interest. Observe if certain players consistently
benefit more, and adjust your tactics based on these observations. 5.
**Reflecting on Past Rounds**: Review your past decisions and their outcomes. If
there were rounds where you contributed more than others and earned less,
consider lowering your contributions in future rounds when you expect low
cooperation. In summary, your strategy should evolve based on observed behaviors
and outcomes, remaining flexible to the actions of others while strategically
safeguarding your own interests to optimize earnings throughout the game.

--- Decision Reflection ---
Astrid Larsson will approach her decision-making by valuing the principles of
fairness and cooperation, aligned with her detail-oriented and principled
nature. Here's a step-by-step breakdown of her decision process: 1.
**Understanding the Game Dynamics**: Astrid knows that in the Basic condition,
there is no gossip or ostracism, which means she can't rely on future group
feedback beyond observing present behavior. Therefore, she must consider the
immediate outcomes and tendencies of her group. 2. **Maximizing Group Welfare**:
Given her inclination towards ensuring fairness and maximizing group welfare,
she will likely hope to encourage cooperation by contributing a reasonable
amount to the group fund. 3. **Initial Contribution Strategy**: Considering
Astrid's desire for cooperation and her awareness of risks, she decides to start
with a moderate contribution to foster trust but without overly exposing her
private earnings. 4. **Moderate Contribution Decision**: By contributing a
moderate amountâ€”such as $5â€”Astrid attempts to strike a balance between promoting
group cooperation and protecting her individual interests. 5. **Final
Decision**: After weighing her goals and the potential actions of others, Astrid
concludes that contributing moderately will best serve her strategy in this
round. Following this reasoning, she makes her contribution decision: I choose
to contribute $5 to the group fund.


[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 12:02:29] Round 1 Results: Total group contribution: $15.0; Your contribution: $5.0, Your earnings: $12.5 ($5.0 kept + $7.5 from group fund); Player_4 contribution: $2.0, earnings: $15.5 ($8.0 kept + $7.5 from group fund); Player_8 contribution: $3.0, earnings: $14.5 ($7.0 kept + $7.5 from group fund); Player_6 contribution: $5.0, earnings: $12.5 ($5.0 kept + $7.5 from group fund); Average contribution per group member: $3.8; Average earnings per group member: $13.8
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 12:02:30] You are in Round 2/6: You are in Group_4 with Player_10, Player_13, Player_19.
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 12:02:30] You are in the Basic condition, which means that there is no gossip or ostracism.


********************************************************************************
DECISION INTERACTION
********************************************************************************

=== PROMPT [2025-03-27 12:02:32] ===
As Player_22, you have $10.0 to allocate in the public goods game. How much money you will contribute to the group fund (any amount between $0 and $10.0)? The group fund will be multiplied by 2.0 and divided equally among all players. Any money not contributed stays in your private account. Think step by step and make your final decision using this exact format: I choose to contribute $X to the group fund.

=== RESPONSE [2025-03-27 12:02:48] ===
Player_22 chooses to contribute $3 to the group fund.

=== FINAL DECISION ===
Player_22 chooses to contribute $3 to the group fund.

=== COMPONENT BREAKDOWN ===

--- Observation ---
[27 Mar 2025 12:01:27] [observation] You are participating in an economic game
with 24 participants. Your goal is to maximize your earnings in the game.
Everyone will be randomly assigned to groups of 4 for each round. You will play
a total of 6 rounds, and in each round you will be in a different group with
people you haven't played with before. In each round, all players receive $10.
Each player can contribute any amount between $0 and $10 to a group fund. Any
amount contributed to the group fund will be multiplied by 2 and divided equally
among all 4 group members. Any amount not contributed stays in your private
account. For example, if everyone contributes $10, the group fund becomes $40,
which is multiplied to $80, and each person receives $20 (a $10 profit).
However, if you contribute nothing while everyone else contributes $10, the
group fund becomes $30, which is multiplied to $60, and each person receives
$15. So you would have $25 total ($10 kept + $15 from group). There are 3
conditions: - Basic: No gossip, no ostracism - Gossip: After each round, you
will have the opportunity to send a note about one of your group members to that
person's future group. Remember you will be with a different group of people in
the next round. Before each round, you will see any notes sent about your
upcoming group members. - Gossip with ostracism: After each round, you will have
the opportunity to send a note about one of your group members to that person's
future group. Before each round, you will see any notes sent about your upcoming
group members, and you can vote to exclude one person from your group. If you
are excluded from a group, you will not be able to participate in the next round
and will earn $0 for that round. You are in the Basic condition, which means
that there is no gossip or ostracism. [27 Mar 2025 12:01:30] [observation] You
are in Round 1/6: You are in Group_6 with Player_4, Player_8, Player_6. [27 Mar
2025 12:01:30] [observation] You are in the Basic condition, which means that
there is no gossip or ostracism. [27 Mar 2025 12:02:29] [observation] Round 1
Results: Total group contribution: $15.0; Your contribution: $5.0, Your
earnings: $12.5 ($5.0 kept + $7.5 from group fund); Player_4 contribution: $2.0,
earnings: $15.5 ($8.0 kept + $7.5 from group fund); Player_8 contribution: $3.0,
earnings: $14.5 ($7.0 kept + $7.5 from group fund); Player_6 contribution: $5.0,
earnings: $12.5 ($5.0 kept + $7.5 from group fund); Average contribution per
group member: $3.8; Average earnings per group member: $13.8 [27 Mar 2025
12:02:30] [observation] You are in Round 2/6: You are in Group_4 with Player_10,
Player_13, Player_19. [27 Mar 2025 12:02:30] [observation] You are in the Basic
condition, which means that there is no gossip or ostracism.

--- Recent context ---
27 Mar 2025 [08:06:15 - 13:06:15]: Player_22 is participating in an economic
game with 24 participants where they aim to maximize their earnings over six
rounds, each with different group members. In the first round, Player_22
contributed $5 to the group fund and earned a total of $12.5. They are in the
Basic condition, which excludes gossip and ostracism.

--- Character Assessment ---
Player_22, being Astrid Larsson, is someone who values accountability and
adherence to principles. Given her background as a Corporate Compliance Officer
and her detail-oriented personality, she likely approaches economic games like
the public goods game with a balanced mindset. She probably aims to contribute
fairly to the group to enhance overall welfare while remaining mindful of
individual payoff. Her approach might emphasize cooperation to achieve mutual
benefit, as seen in her moderate contribution in Round 1, where she balanced her
input to benefit both herself and the group.

--- Theory of Mind Analysis ---
Based on what we know, Player_4, Player_8, and Player_6 have varying levels of
contributions to the group fund. Player_4 contributed the least with $2,
indicating a more cautious or self-preserving strategy, as they kept majority of
their funds private. Player_8 contributed $3, which also hints at a conservative
approach, possibly aiming to maintain a balance between personal gain and group
benefit. Player_6, like Player_22, gave $5, suggesting a more cooperative or
risk-taking approach, hoping that others will reciprocate similarly for mutual
benefit. Considering these contributions, Player_4 may continue to prioritize
self-gain, contributing minimally in future rounds. Player_8 might follow a
slightly more cooperative path but still lean towards self-preservation.
Player_6 might maintain or increase their contributions if they perceive others
are willing to collaborate similarly. As the rounds progress, individuals may
alter their strategies based on cumulative group behavior, potentially
increasing contributions if they notice a trend towards cooperation or
decreasing if others are consistently freeriding. Given the Basic condition, the
absence of gossip and ostracism reduces the social pressures and accountability
that might otherwise influence players to contribute more cooperatively.

--- Theory of Mind Analysis 2 ---
Based on what we know, it's likely that the other players in your group noticed
your contribution level in comparison to theirs. Since you contributed a
moderate amount ($5), some players might perceive you as somewhat cooperative
but perhaps not fully maximizing group potential. This could influence their own
contribution decisions in future rounds if they are seeking to balance
self-interest with group benefit.

--- Situation Analysis ---
The current situation is that Player_22 is entering Round 2 of the economic game
within the Basic condition, which allows no gossip or ostracism. They are in
Group_4 with Player_10, Player_13, and Player_19. The goal remains to maximize
earnings by deciding how much to contribute to the group fund, keeping in mind
their previous moderate contribution of $5. The outcomes of contributions will
influence total earnings while considering the independent actions of new group
members, as there is no possibility of communicating about past behaviors.

--- Emotional State ---
Astrid Larsson would consider the worst possible outcome to be her group members
contributing very little or nothing to the group fund, resulting in lower
collective earnings and diminishing her chances of maximizing her income from
the game. Emotionally, this could lead to feelings of frustration or
disappointment, particularly given her inclination towards fairness and
cooperation.

--- Strategy Reflection ---
Based on what we know, it's clear that contributing less to the group fund can
lead to higher personal earnings if others contribute more. In the first round,
your $5 contribution netted you $12.5 in total earnings. It appears others were
contributing less as well, suggesting a cautious approach by many players.
Here's a potential strategy moving forward: 1. **Observe Patterns**: In
subsequent rounds, continue to observe how much others are contributing. If most
players are consistently contributing lower amounts, you can minimize your
contribution to maximize personal retention while still benefiting from the
group's contributions. 2. **Adjust Contributions**: Aim to contribute slightly
less than the average from the first round in hopes that your group members
contribute more, allowing you to benefit from their input while keeping more
money private. For instance, contributing around $3 might be more optimal if
others are expected to contribute around the same or more. 3. **Selfish
Maximization**: Since you can't be penalized through gossip or ostracism, focus
on maximizing your individual payoff. This might involve testing slightly
varying contributions to find the most successful balance between personal
savings and group fund benefits. 4. **Future Adjustments**: If you notice a
round where everyone contributed more, you might consider upping your
contributions marginally in the next round to benefit from a larger group fund,
only if there's a clear trend towards higher group contributions. 5. **Learning
from Patterns**: If a particular group member's strategy seems to provide them
higher returns, consider adopting a similar approach in subsequent rounds,
especially if they consistently place themselves in profitable positions.
Overall, in the basic condition, your priority should be to selfishly maximize
your earnings each round without worrying about strategic repercussions from
others.

--- Decision Reflection ---
Astrid Larsson will assess her strategy based on the information from round one.
She previously contributed $5 and observed mixed contributions from her group,
resulting in moderate earnings for everyone. Here's her step-by-step
decision-making process: 1. **Observation**: The contributions were varied in
the first round, with relatively low average contribution ($3.8). This suggests
cautious behavior from other players, which could indicate a tendency for
players to prioritize individual earnings. 2. **Condition Consideration**: In
the Basic condition, she doesn't have to worry about gossip or ostracism,
allowing her to focus on maximizing her earnings without social repercussions.
3. **Learning from Round 1**: Contributing $5 resulted in moderate earnings, but
since others contributed even less, this might not have been the optimal
strategy for maximum personal gain. 4. **Strategy Adjustment**: To improve her
earnings, Astrid might consider contributing less than her previous $5, as
others appear to be contributing similar or lower amounts. 5. **Risk and
Reward**: Contributing around $3 may encourage others to contribute more,
optimizing the group fund while allowing her to retain more money in her private
account. 6. **Final Decision**: By lowering her contribution slightly, Astrid
can test how this affects her earnings and adjust further in the next rounds
based on continuing observations. I choose to contribute $3 to the group fund.


[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 12:03:00] Round 2 Results: Total group contribution: $10.0; Your contribution: $3.0, Your earnings: $12.0 ($7.0 kept + $5.0 from group fund); Player_10 contribution: $2.0, earnings: $13.0 ($8.0 kept + $5.0 from group fund); Player_13 contribution: $4.0, earnings: $11.0 ($6.0 kept + $5.0 from group fund); Player_19 contribution: $1.0, earnings: $14.0 ($9.0 kept + $5.0 from group fund); Average contribution per group member: $2.5; Average earnings per group member: $12.5
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 12:03:02] You are in Round 3/6: You are in Group_2 with Player_4, Player_12, Player_18.
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 12:03:02] You are in the Basic condition, which means that there is no gossip or ostracism.


********************************************************************************
DECISION INTERACTION
********************************************************************************

=== PROMPT [2025-03-27 12:03:09] ===
As Player_22, you have $10.0 to allocate in the public goods game. How much money you will contribute to the group fund (any amount between $0 and $10.0)? The group fund will be multiplied by 2.0 and divided equally among all players. Any money not contributed stays in your private account. Think step by step and make your final decision using this exact format: I choose to contribute $X to the group fund.

=== RESPONSE [2025-03-27 12:03:38] ===
Player_22 chooses to contribute $2 to the group fund.

=== FINAL DECISION ===
Player_22 chooses to contribute $2 to the group fund.

=== COMPONENT BREAKDOWN ===

--- Observation ---
Recent context: 27 Mar 2025 [08:16:15 - 13:16:15]: Player_22 is participating in
a 6-round economic game where they aim to maximize their earnings by
contributing to a group fund, currently in the Basic condition without gossip or
ostracism. In the first two rounds, they were grouped with different players,
contributed varying amounts, and earned slightly above the average earnings per
group member.

--- Recent context ---
27 Mar 2025 [08:16:15 - 13:16:15]: Player_22 is participating in a 6-round
economic game where they aim to maximize their earnings by contributing to a
group fund, currently in the Basic condition without gossip or ostracism. In the
first two rounds, they were grouped with different players, contributed varying
amounts, and earned slightly above the average earnings per group member.

--- Character Assessment ---
Player_22, being Astrid Larsson, is someone who values rules and accountability,
likely approaches economic games with a balanced perspective. Though typically
detail-oriented and principled, aiming for fair and ethical practices, the
behavior observed in the public goods game suggests a focus on maximizing
personal payoff while contributing enough to not disrupt group dynamics. Astrid
contributes a moderate amount in order to gain trust and avoid potential
conflict, reflecting a strategic approach that weighs both individual gains and
group outcomes.

--- Theory of Mind Analysis ---
Based on what we know, Player_4 seems to be cautiously contributing, as
indicated by a modest $2.0 contribution in Round 1, which might suggest a
strategy focused on personal gain while testing group dynamics. Player_8
contributed $3.0, indicating a slightly more cooperative approach than Player_4
but still leaning towards safeguarding personal funds. Player_6 matched my Round
1 contribution of $5.0, showing an openness to cooperation that matches my
approach. In contrast, during Round 2, Player_10 contributed $2.0, similar to
Player_4, emphasizing private earnings. Player_13's $4.0 contribution suggests
willingness for higher cooperation, while Player_19's minimal $1.0 contribution
prioritizes personal retention. Although subsequent behaviors cannot be
anticipated precisely due to the lack of gossip or ostracism incentives, players
may continue to largely prioritize personal gain unless others consistently
increase contributions, potentially encouraging reciprocal higher donations.
Given the Basic condition, I expect players to slightly adjust their strategy
based on prior earnings but primarily maintain a focus on maximizing individual
net earnings rather than group success.

--- Theory of Mind Analysis 2 ---
Based on what we know, the other players might perceive Player_22's
contributions as moderate compared to others. In the first two rounds, Player_22
contributed amounts that were somewhat aligned with the group's average,
signaling a balanced approach between cooperation and self-interest. This might
lead other players to view Player_22 as a fair participant who neither exploits
nor overly sacrifices for the group.

--- Situation Analysis ---
The current situation is that Player_22 is in Round 3 of a 6-round economic game
structured around group contributions to a shared fund. They find themselves in
Group_2 with Player_4, Player_12, and Player_18. Participating under the Basic
condition, where neither gossip nor ostracism is allowed, Player_22 must decide
on a contribution amount for the group fund to try and balance personal gain
with potential group earnings. Their previous contributions have been moderate,
aligning somewhat with the average, which suggests a strategy that aims for
fairness while still safeguarding personal earnings. Player_22 needs to consider
how to maintain or adjust their strategy to optimize outcomes in this new group.

--- Emotional State ---
Astrid Larsson would consider the worst possible outcome to be a scenario where
all group members contribute nothing to the fund, resulting in only the initial
$10 per player remaining in their private accounts. This would lead to no
additional earnings from the group fund, significantly reducing potential
profits across multiple rounds. Emotionally, Astrid might feel frustrated or
disappointed by such an outcome, as it would reflect a breakdown in cooperative
effort and a missed opportunity for maximizing earnings through strategic group
collaboration.

--- Strategy Reflection ---
Based on what we know, the best strategy for maximizing long-term earnings in
this public goods game under the Basic condition is to focus primarily on
self-interest without worry about reputation effects like gossip or ostracism.
Here are some steps and considerations: 1. **Observation of Past Rounds**: In
Round 1, the total contribution was $15, with an average individual contribution
of $3.8. In Round 2, the total contribution dropped to $10, with an average
contribution of $2.5. It seems lower contributions were more common, likely due
to the lack of repercussions in this Basic condition. 2. **Adjust Contribution
Strategy**: Given that no player can directly influence your earnings through
exclusion or negative reputation, keeping contributions low may be more
beneficial since retained private funds guarantee a part of your earnings.
However, contributing nothing may result in slightly lower group earnings, so a
strategic small contribution might be optimal. 3. **Observation of Others**:
Players like Player_19 in Round 2, who contributed only $1.0, maximized earnings
by keeping more for themselves, benefiting from other members' contributions.
Following this approach of contributing minimally while relying on others might
be a profitable strategy. 4. **Future Rounds Strategy**: In subsequent rounds,
lower your contribution closer to the level of the lowest contributing
successful players from previous rounds (e.g., $1.0 or $2.0), ensuring you
maintain some contribution to avoid group suspicion of complete free-riding,
which could result in reciprocal low contributions from others if they notice
too many low contributors. 5. **Reflect on Past Decisions**: In the past rounds,
slightly reducing your contributions could have increased personal earnings,
mimicking the more successful strategies of the less cooperative players. In the
future, aim to contribute the minimum deemed acceptable by the group dynamic you
observe. By understanding the game dynamics, your ability to maximize earnings
can improve by strategically balancing contribution and retention, capitalizing
on the tendencies of others to contribute moderately or low.

--- Decision Reflection ---
Astrid Larsson will consider the information from the past rounds to make an
informed decision. 1. **Review Past Contributions**: In the first two rounds,
Astrid contributed $5.0 and $3.0, resulting in earnings of $12.5 and $12.0
respectively. The average contribution per player in the first round was $3.8
and in the second round it decreased to $2.5. 2. **Evaluate Group Dynamics**:
The decrease in average contributions suggests other players are also focusing
on retaining more money in their private accounts. Since Astrid is in the Basic
condition with no gossip or ostracism, she has more freedom to act in
self-interest without fear of repercussions. 3. **Determine Optimal
Contribution**: A strategic move would be to lower contributions closer to what
successful players in previous rounds have done. In Round 2, Player_19's
contribution of $1.0 was the lowest, yet they still received a fair payout. This
indicates that a minimal contribution might work well. 4. **Consider Group
Perception**: While lowering contributions, it's important not to contribute too
little to avoid potential reciprocal actions in future rounds. 5. **Final
Decision**: Based on these considerations, Astrid should aim to contribute just
enough to maintain group harmony but maximize personal earnings. Therefore,
after weighing all these factors, I choose to contribute $2 to the group fund.


[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 12:03:46] Round 3 Results: Total group contribution: $6.5; Your contribution: $2.0, Your earnings: $11.2 ($8.0 kept + $3.2 from group fund); Player_4 contribution: $1.0, earnings: $12.2 ($9.0 kept + $3.2 from group fund); Player_12 contribution: $2.0, earnings: $11.2 ($8.0 kept + $3.2 from group fund); Player_18 contribution: $1.5, earnings: $11.8 ($8.5 kept + $3.2 from group fund); Average contribution per group member: $1.6; Average earnings per group member: $11.6
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 12:03:49] You are in Round 4/6: You are in Group_4 with Player_1, Player_16, Player_10.
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 12:03:49] You are in the Basic condition, which means that there is no gossip or ostracism.


********************************************************************************
DECISION INTERACTION
********************************************************************************

=== PROMPT [2025-03-27 12:03:58] ===
As Player_22, you have $10.0 to allocate in the public goods game. How much money you will contribute to the group fund (any amount between $0 and $10.0)? The group fund will be multiplied by 2.0 and divided equally among all players. Any money not contributed stays in your private account. Think step by step and make your final decision using this exact format: I choose to contribute $X to the group fund.

=== RESPONSE [2025-03-27 12:04:13] ===
Player_22 chooses to contribute $2.0 to the group fund.

=== FINAL DECISION ===
Player_22 chooses to contribute $2.0 to the group fund.

=== COMPONENT BREAKDOWN ===

--- Observation ---
Recent context: 27 Mar 2025 [08:26:15 - 13:26:15]: Player_22 is participating in
an economic game where participants contribute to a group fund to maximize
earnings, and is in the Basic condition with no gossip or ostracism involved. So
far, Player_22 has completed the first three rounds, contributing varying
amounts to the group fund each time and earning based on the total group
contributions and distribution.

--- Recent context ---
27 Mar 2025 [08:26:15 - 13:26:15]: Player_22 is participating in an economic
game where participants contribute to a group fund to maximize earnings, and is
in the Basic condition with no gossip or ostracism involved. So far, Player_22
has completed the first three rounds, contributing varying amounts to the group
fund each time and earning based on the total group contributions and
distribution.

--- Character Assessment ---
Player_22, being Astrid Larsson, is someone who values accountability and
fairness, so she likely aims for a balance between maximizing her own payoff and
considering group welfare. While her contributions in the game seem to vary,
suggesting a strategy that adapts to group dynamics, her background in
compliance and principle suggests she would feel compelled to contribute fairly
rather than free-ride entirely on othersâ€™ generosity.

--- Theory of Mind Analysis ---
Based on what we know, the players tend to contribute conservatively to the
group fund, likely aiming to maximize their individual earnings by keeping more
money for themselves. Player_4 and Player_10, for instance, have contributed
lower amounts in the past rounds, suggesting a strategy focused on minimizing
their contribution while benefiting from the group pool. This behavior indicates
a tendency towards free-riding, where they rely on other players to contribute
more to ensure the group fund grows.

--- Theory of Mind Analysis 2 ---
Based on what we know, the other players might be monitoring each other's
contributions and could adjust their strategies in response. In the first few
rounds, Player_22 contributed amounts slightly above or below the average
contribution, which might be perceived as cooperative but not overly generous.
Depending on how competitive or cooperative the other players are, they might
respond by either matching Player_22â€™s contributions to maintain a fair balance
or adjusting their own contributions to either benefit more personally or
encourage higher group contributions.

--- Situation Analysis ---
The current situation is that Player_22 has just started Round 4 in the public
goods game and is grouped with Player_1, Player_16, and Player_10. The game
involves contributing to a group fund to maximize individual and collective
earnings. In previous rounds, Player_22 has balanced contributions slightly
above and below the average. The lack of gossip or ostracism means that social
dynamics are limited to in-game contributions and earnings. Player_22 may be
considering how to adjust their strategy in response to the varying contribution
levels of others while optimizing their own earnings.

--- Emotional State ---
Astrid Larsson would likely consider the worst possible outcome of the current
situation to be a substantial reduction in her earnings, either due to
significantly lower contributions from her group members or her own potential
failure to align her strategy effectively. Emotionally, this outcome might lead
to feelings of frustration or disappointment, especially if she perceives that
others are not contributing fairly or are free-riding on her generosity.

--- Strategy Reflection ---
Based on what we know, the best strategy for maximizing personal earnings in
this public goods game, especially in the Basic condition without gossip or
ostracism, is to adjust contributions strategically across rounds. Observations
from previous rounds should guide future contributions. In the first round, you
contributed a moderate amount and earned a solid return, but as the game
progressed, lower contributions resulted in varied earnings. Hereâ€™s a
step-by-step strategy moving forward: 1. **Initial Contribution Strategy**: In
the first round, itâ€™s beneficial to contribute moderately to set a positive tone
and avoid potential penalties. As it stands, maintaining moderate contributions
in subsequent rounds ensures a reasonable share of the group fund. 2. **Adapt
Based on Observations**: You can observe that players who contributed less
tended to keep more personal earnings, thus increasing their final payoff. The
lack of gossip or ostracism means thereâ€™s no reputational risk in contributing
less, making lower contributions viable. 3. **Assess Group Dynamics**: Notice
the patterns in your groupâ€™s behavior. If others consistently contribute less,
lowering your own contribution can maximize retained personal earnings, even if
group earnings decrease. 4. **Emulate Successful Players**: Player_4 and
Player_19 contributed minimally yet managed to achieve higher personal earnings
by retaining more of their initial funds. This suggests a strategy of minimal
contribution to maximize personal earnings. 5. **Future Adjustments**: In future
rounds, aim to contribute an amount that aligns with the lowest contributors if
the trend of low contributions persists. Monitor each playerâ€™s behavior closely
and adjust accordingly, contributing just enough to benefit from the group fund
without over-committing resources. 6. **Risk Management**: While itâ€™s important
to maximize own earnings, consider the risk of potentially receiving lower
returns if all members adopt extremely low contributions, as it might reduce the
total fund. Balance is crucial. In hindsight, a more conservative contribution
strategy could have increased retained personal earnings. Going forward,
contributing minimally while observing othersâ€™ actions can maximize your
earnings.

--- Decision Reflection ---
Astrid Larsson will first consider the group's past behavior. In previous
rounds, players tended to contribute lower amounts as the game progressed,
leading to diverse individual earnings. Given the pattern of minimal
contributions yielding higher personal gains due to retained funds, Astrid will
likely align her contribution with this trend. She will assess the risk of
contributing too little and potentially harming the total group earnings, which
could in turn reduce her share from the group fund. However, without the threat
of gossip or reputational consequences, Astrid might be inclined to minimize
risk by retaining more of her personal funds. Observing that the average
contributions generally decline across rounds, Astrid will deduce that
maintaining a balance between her own returns and encouraging sufficient group
contributions would be prudent. She will likely opt for a contribution slightly
below the average from previous rounds to maximize her personal earnings while
ensuring some benefit from the group fund. Taking into account all these
considerations, Astrid will make a calculated decision. I choose to contribute
$2.0 to the group fund.


[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 12:04:32] Round 4 Results: Total group contribution: $7.0; Your contribution: $2.0, Your earnings: $11.5 ($8.0 kept + $3.5 from group fund); Player_1 contribution: $3.0, earnings: $10.5 ($7.0 kept + $3.5 from group fund); Player_16 contribution: $1.0, earnings: $12.5 ($9.0 kept + $3.5 from group fund); Player_10 contribution: $1.0, earnings: $12.5 ($9.0 kept + $3.5 from group fund); Average contribution per group member: $1.8; Average earnings per group member: $11.8
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 12:04:35] You are in Round 5/6: You are in Group_5 with Player_7, Player_19, Player_6.
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 12:04:35] You are in the Basic condition, which means that there is no gossip or ostracism.


********************************************************************************
DECISION INTERACTION
********************************************************************************

=== PROMPT [2025-03-27 12:04:56] ===
As Player_22, you have $10.0 to allocate in the public goods game. How much money you will contribute to the group fund (any amount between $0 and $10.0)? The group fund will be multiplied by 2.0 and divided equally among all players. Any money not contributed stays in your private account. Think step by step and make your final decision using this exact format: I choose to contribute $X to the group fund.

=== RESPONSE [2025-03-27 12:05:15] ===
Player_22 chooses to contribute $1.5 to the group fund.

=== FINAL DECISION ===
Player_22 chooses to contribute $1.5 to the group fund.

=== COMPONENT BREAKDOWN ===

--- Observation ---
Recent context: 27 Mar 2025 [08:31:15 - 13:31:15]: Player_22 is participating in
an economic game in the Basic condition with no gossip or ostracism, aiming to
maximize earnings over 6 rounds with different group members each time. So far,
contributions and earnings have varied, with Player_22 often contributing modest
amounts and earning between $11.2 and $12.5 per round.

--- Recent context ---
27 Mar 2025 [08:31:15 - 13:31:15]: Player_22 is participating in an economic
game in the Basic condition with no gossip or ostracism, aiming to maximize
earnings over 6 rounds with different group members each time. So far,
contributions and earnings have varied, with Player_22 often contributing modest
amounts and earning between $11.2 and $12.5 per round.

--- Character Assessment ---
Player_22, being Astrid Larsson, is someone who values accountability and
principles, typically seeks a balanced approach in economic games like the
public goods game. Based on past actions, she contributes moderately to ensure
some level of group welfare while also retaining a focus on her own payoff. Her
contributions tend to be cautious, reflecting a strategy that considers both
personal gain and group benefit without completely sacrificing one for the
other. Given her detail-oriented nature, she's likely to make calculated
decisions that aim to optimize both personal and group outcomes where possible.

--- Theory of Mind Analysis ---
Based on what we know, each player seems to be adopting a cautious strategy
aimed at maximizing their individual earnings rather than increasing the group
fund significantly. The relatively low average contributions suggest a focus on
personal gain, with players like Player_19 and Player_10 consistently
contributing minimal amounts while maximizing their kept earnings.

--- Theory of Mind Analysis 2 ---
Based on what we know, the other players might perceive Player_22's consistent
contribution level as somewhat reliable, though not particularly generous. If
Player_22 continues to contribute modestly, other players might maintain their
current strategies, expecting similar or slightly lower contributions from the
group. However, if Player_22 were to significantly increase their contribution,
it might encourage other players to reciprocate with higher contributions in
future rounds, enhancing collective group earnings. Conversely, if Player_22
reduces their contribution, other players might respond by decreasing their
contributions as well, potentially lowering overall group earnings.

--- Situation Analysis ---
The current situation is that Player_22 is entering Round 5 of 6 in an economic
game, operating under the Basic condition which excludes gossip or ostracism.
They've been grouped with different players in each round and are now in Group 5
with Player_7, Player_19, and Player_6. Their strategy has involved making
modest contributions, which may have established them as a somewhat reliable,
yet not overly generous, player. Player_22's decisions in this round could
influence the others' contributions, where increasing their input might
encourage reciprocation, while a decrease might lead to reduced group
contributions. The focus remains on maximizing earnings as the game progresses.

--- Emotional State ---
Astrid Larsson would consider the worst possible outcome to be a scenario where
all players, including herself, contribute the minimum amount. This would reduce
the total group fund significantly, leading to minimal additional earnings from
the group pool. Emotionally, this outcome might lead to frustration or
disappointment, as it reflects a missed opportunity for higher collective
earnings. To avoid this, Astrid, being risk-averse, might decide to slightly
increase her contribution in the upcoming round to encourage others to
contribute more as well, hoping to foster a sense of collaboration and improve
everyone's earnings.

--- Strategy Reflection ---
Based on what we know, to maximize long-term earnings in this public goods game,
especially under the Basic condition with no gossip or ostracism, a balanced
approach is crucial. Observations indicate that while some players contribute
more, leading to higher group earnings, those who keep more for themselves while
still benefiting from the group fund achieve higher personal earnings. 1.
**Understanding the Current Pattern**: So far, Player_22 has been contributing
amounts slightly below or close to the group average, ensuring modest returns.
Observing players like Player_19, who contributed less than the average yet
secured high personal earnings, shows that keeping a significant portion for
oneself often yields the best personal result. 2. **Analyzing Group Behavior**:
Since the game randomly reassigns groups each round and gossip/ostracism is not
possible, focusing solely on maximizing personal returns without worrying about
repercussions from other players is advantageous. 3. **Strategy Adjustments**: -
**Current Round Strategy**: In the coming rounds, consider decreasing
contribution slightly but not too drastically to avoid significantly lowering
the group fund's efficacy. Aim to maximize what is kept. - **Future Rounds**:
Observe if others are also contributing less. If so, adjust to match or slightly
under-contribute compared to the group average. 4. **Learning from Successful
Players**: Players who have consistently kept higher amounts (like Player_19)
end up with higher earnings due to maximizing their kept amount while still
getting a share from group contributions. This reinforces that keeping more
while contributing just enough to benefit from the group fund without being the
lowest contributor can be effective. 5. **Potential Past Adjustment**: In past
rounds, a slight reduction in contribution could have increased personal
earnings if balanced carefully against not undermining group contributions too
much. Adopting a cautious yet slightly selfish approach in upcoming rounds by
strategically lowering contributions can optimize personal earnings, especially
with no social repercussions in play.

--- Decision Reflection ---
Astrid Larsson will first review her past contributions and the group dynamics
in previous rounds. Noting that her contributions have been on par with or
slightly below the group average, she'll consider the benefits of keeping more
for herself while ensuring she still receives a share of the group fund. In the
current round, Astrid is aware there is no social repercussion for contributing
less (as there is no gossip or ostracism). Observing successful players like
Player_19 who have contributed the minimum, she realizes the benefit of keeping
more in her private account while still maintaining her eligibility for the
group's shared funds. To balance this, Astrid aims to contribute enough to avoid
being perceived as too uncooperative, even though players cannot act on these
perceptions. She considers contributing slightly below the anticipated group
average contribution of roughly $2.0 to $2.5. After considering these factors,
Astrid settles on a contribution that allows a balance between self-gain and
group dynamics. I choose to contribute $1.5 to the group fund.


[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 12:05:32] Round 5 Results: Total group contribution: $6.0; Your contribution: $1.5, Your earnings: $11.5 ($8.5 kept + $3.0 from group fund); Player_7 contribution: $2.5, earnings: $10.5 ($7.5 kept + $3.0 from group fund); Player_19 contribution: $1.0, earnings: $12.0 ($9.0 kept + $3.0 from group fund); Player_6 contribution: $1.0, earnings: $12.0 ($9.0 kept + $3.0 from group fund); Average contribution per group member: $1.5; Average earnings per group member: $11.5
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 12:05:33] You are in Round 6/6: You are in Group_2 with Player_19, Player_13, Player_11.
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 12:05:33] You are in the Basic condition, which means that there is no gossip or ostracism.


********************************************************************************
DECISION INTERACTION
********************************************************************************

=== PROMPT [2025-03-27 12:05:46] ===
As Player_22, you have $10.0 to allocate in the public goods game. How much money you will contribute to the group fund (any amount between $0 and $10.0)? The group fund will be multiplied by 2.0 and divided equally among all players. Any money not contributed stays in your private account. Think step by step and make your final decision using this exact format: I choose to contribute $X to the group fund.

=== RESPONSE [2025-03-27 12:06:04] ===
Player_22 chooses to contribute $3.0 to the group fund.

=== FINAL DECISION ===
Player_22 chooses to contribute $3.0 to the group fund.

=== COMPONENT BREAKDOWN ===

--- Observation ---
Recent context: 27 Mar 2025 [08:46:15 - 13:46:15]: Player_22 participated in an
economic game consisting of six rounds, each with a different group of players
in the Basic condition, which had no gossip or ostracism. Throughout the game,
Player_22 consistently contributed some amount to the group fund, resulting in
varying levels of personal earnings from each round.

--- Recent context ---
27 Mar 2025 [08:46:15 - 13:46:15]: Player_22 participated in an economic game
consisting of six rounds, each with a different group of players in the Basic
condition, which had no gossip or ostracism. Throughout the game, Player_22
consistently contributed some amount to the group fund, resulting in varying
levels of personal earnings from each round.

--- Character Assessment ---
Player_22, being Astrid Larsson, is someone who aims to balance individual
payoff with group welfare. Given her detail-oriented and principled nature, she
tends to analyze each situation to find a strategic middle ground that ensures
compliance with game rules and promotes fairness. Her contributions in the past
rounds suggest she values collective success but is also mindful of her own
earnings, reflecting a pragmatic approach to maximizing both individual and
group outcomes.

--- Theory of Mind Analysis ---
Based on what we know, the players in the public goods game seem to be employing
different strategies with regards to their contributions to the group fund.
Player_22 has observed varying levels of contribution from different players
over the rounds.

--- Theory of Mind Analysis 2 ---
Based on what we know, other players might view Player_22 as a consistent
contributor, although not the highest in the group. This could lead to neutral
or slightly favorable perceptions among peers, considering there are no
opportunities for gossip or ostracism to influence opinions. Given this setup,
maintaining or slightly increasing the contribution in the final round might
encourage others to contribute more, as they may want to reciprocate or match
Player_22â€™s behavior to optimize the group's total earnings.

--- Situation Analysis ---
The current situation is that Player_22 is entering the final round of a
six-round public goods game, where they are placed in a new group with different
players. They are operating in the Basic condition, meaning there's no gossip or
ostracism, so player reputations aren't a factor. Player_22 has shown
consistent, but not maximal, contributions to the group fund, which could elicit
neutral or slightly favorable perceptions from others. In this final round, they
face the strategic decision of how much to contribute to maximize both personal
and group earnings, knowing their contribution behavior might influence others
to reciprocate or match to optimize total group outcomes.

--- Emotional State ---
Astrid Larsson would consider the worst possible outcome to be the group failing
to achieve a meaningful total contribution, resulting in lower earnings for
everyone, herself included. This could make her feel frustrated, as it might
seem like her attempts to balance individual and group success were not
reciprocated by others. To avoid this outcome, especially if she is risk-averse,
she might choose to slightly increase her contribution in the final round
compared to her previous rounds. This might encourage other group members to
contribute more as well, thus optimizing the groupâ€™s total earnings while still
securing a reasonable personal payoff.

--- Strategy Reflection ---
Based on what we know, a strategy focused on selfishly maximizing earnings in
this public goods game would involve analyzing the contribution patterns of
other players. Observations reveal some players contributed minimally yet
received a substantial return from the group fund, which suggests a leaning
towards free-riding could maximize personal earnings given the absence of gossip
or ostracism. Thus, reducing future contributions to the fund while maintaining
awareness of others' behavior might increase your personal earnings as the game
progresses. Noticing that Player_16 and Player_10 had relatively high earnings
due to lower contributions could indicate that minimizing contributions without
affecting group dynamics critically could be beneficial. In retrospect, if
higher contributions from the past rounds didn't significantly increase personal
earnings compared to others, adopting a more conservative contribution approach
earlier might have been advantageous. In upcoming similar scenarios, assessing
each groupâ€™s contribution tendencies quickly could guide you in aligning your
strategy to balance between being cooperative and maximizing personal gain.

--- Decision Reflection ---
Astrid Larsson will first consider her previous contributions and the group's
response to them. In earlier rounds, she contributed moderately and noticed that
contributions from others often did not significantly surpass hers. Observing
that lower contributions still yielded decent earnings due to the equal
distribution of the group fund suggests a tendency for others to lean towards
keeping a higher portion for themselves. Next, she evaluates the absence of
gossip or ostracism, which means her actions wonâ€™t impact her social standing in
the game. This context allows her to take a more risk-tolerant approach, as her
decision will not cause social repercussions. Astrid will also account for her
emotional state and strategy reflection. Feeling frustrated about the potential
for the group to under-contribute, she realizes a moderate increase in her
contribution might incentivize others, but potentially at the cost of her
immediate earnings. Considering all these factors, sheâ€™ll likely aim to balance
her desire to support the groupâ€™s total earnings with her interest in maximizing
her personal payoff. A slightly increased but still moderate contribution could
both encourage others to contribute and maintain her earnings at a competitive
level. Thus, Astrid might decide to slightly adjust her contribution based on
the prospect of reciprocation and maximizing group earnings without overly
reducing her personal gain. Ultimately, she aims for an amount that reflects her
strategic approach rather than emotional response. I choose to contribute $2.5
to the group fund.


[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 12:06:37] Round 6 Results: Total group contribution: $7.0; Your contribution: $3.0, Your earnings: $10.5 ($7.0 kept + $3.5 from group fund); Player_19 contribution: $1.0, earnings: $12.5 ($9.0 kept + $3.5 from group fund); Player_13 contribution: $3.0, earnings: $10.5 ($7.0 kept + $3.5 from group fund); Player_11 contribution: $0.0, earnings: $13.5 ($10.0 kept + $3.5 from group fund); Average contribution per group member: $1.8; Average earnings per group member: $11.8