[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:16:43] You are participating in an economic game with 24 participants.
        Your goal is to maximize your earnings in the game.
        
        Everyone will be randomly assigned to groups of 4 for each round. You will play a total of 6 rounds, and 
        in each round you will be in a different group with people you haven't played with before.
        
        In each round, all players receive $10. Each player can contribute any amount between $0 and $10 to a group fund.
        Any amount contributed to the group fund will be multiplied by 2 and divided equally among all 4 group members.
        Any amount not contributed stays in your private account.
        
        For example, if everyone contributes $10, the group fund becomes $40, which is multiplied to $80, and each person 
        receives $20 (a $10 profit). However, if you contribute nothing while everyone else contributes $10, the group fund
        becomes $30, which is multiplied to $60, and each person receives $15. So you would have $25 total ($10 kept + $15 from group).
        
        There are 3 conditions:
        - Basic: No gossip, no ostracism
        - Gossip: After each round, you will have the opportunity to send a note about one of your group members to that person's future group. Remember you will be with a different group of people in the next round. Before each round, you will see any notes sent about your upcoming group members.
        - Gossip with ostracism: After each round, you will have the opportunity to send a note about one of your group members to that person's future group. Before each round, you will see any notes sent about your upcoming group members, and you can vote to exclude one person from your group. If you are excluded from a group, you will not be able to participate in the next round and will earn $0 for that round.
        

IMPORTANT: Before each round begins, your group will have a discussion period where each player takes a turn suggesting how everyone should play. This gives you an opportunity to coordinate and establish norms as a group. Use this discussion to try to maximize the benefit for everyone in your group.You are in the Gossip with ostracism condition, which means that after each round, players will be able to send a note about one of their group members to their future interaction partners. Before the start of the next round, you will receive notes from the previous round, and can vote to exclude one of your group members based on the gossip you've received about them.If you are excluded from a group, you will not be able to participate in the next round and will earn $0 for that round.
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:16:50] You are in Round 1/6: You are in Group_6 with Player_14, Player_17, Player_11.
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:16:50] You are in the Gossip with ostracism condition, which means that after each round, players will be able to send a note about one of their group members to their future interaction partners. Before the start of the next round, you will receive notes from the previous round, and can vote to exclude one of your group members based on the gossip you've received about them.If you are excluded / ostracized from a group, you will not be able to participate in the next round and will earn $0 for that round, the worst possible outcome.
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:20:53] Before starting Round 1, your group will have a brief discussion about strategy. Each player will have a turn to share their thoughts on what the group should do. This is your chance to coordinate and establish norms.
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:21:12] Player_14 says: Player_14 will start by greeting the group warmly: "Hello everyone! I'm excited to collaborate with you in this round. To make sure that we all benefit and build trust from the get-go, I suggest we consider contributing $6-$7 each to the group fund. This way, we all gain collectively, and it sets a positive tone for future interactions. Keeping our approach transparent and fair will help minimize the risk of misunderstandings or negative gossip. Let's prioritize open communication and support each other to create a cooperative environment."


********************************************************************************
DECISION INTERACTION
********************************************************************************

=== PROMPT [2025-03-27 16:21:12] ===
It's your turn to speak to your group before Round 1. What would you like to tell the other players about how everyone should play in this round? You can suggest contribution amounts, discuss fairness, say when you will send a note about someone, or propose any other strategy. Keep in mind that establishing group norms could benefit everyone.

=== RESPONSE [2025-03-27 16:21:28] ===
Player_9 would like to suggest that everyone contributes between $6 and $7 to the group fund. This approach aligns with Player_14's suggestion to foster trust and maximize collective benefit. By doing so, we can establish a foundation of cooperation and enhance our chances of achieving better long-term results. I believe it's crucial for us to communicate clearly and set expectations upfront, and this initial commitment can pave the way for a positive and productive dynamic. Let's also agree to observe each other's contributions this round so we can adjust our strategies in the future, ensuring everyone feels included and valued. This will help us avoid negative gossip and potential ostracism, and instead create a supportive environment where all players feel encouraged to participate.

=== FINAL DECISION ===
Player_9 would like to suggest that everyone contributes between $6 and $7 to the group fund. This approach aligns with Player_14's suggestion to foster trust and maximize collective benefit. By doing so, we can establish a foundation of cooperation and enhance our chances of achieving better long-term results. I believe it's crucial for us to communicate clearly and set expectations upfront, and this initial commitment can pave the way for a positive and productive dynamic. Let's also agree to observe each other's contributions this round so we can adjust our strategies in the future, ensuring everyone feels included and valued. This will help us avoid negative gossip and potential ostracism, and instead create a supportive environment where all players feel encouraged to participate.

=== COMPONENT BREAKDOWN ===

--- Observation ---
Recent context: 27 Mar 2025 [12:16:41 - 17:16:41]: Player_9 is participating in
an economic game with 24 participants, structured in a "Gossip with ostracism"
condition. In Round 1, they were part of Group_6, and Player_14 suggested a
collaborative strategy of contributing $6-$7 to the group fund to maximize
collective benefit and foster trust.

--- Recent context ---
27 Mar 2025 [12:16:41 - 17:16:41]: Player_9 is participating in an economic game
with 24 participants, structured in a "Gossip with ostracism" condition. In
Round 1, they were part of Group_6, and Player_14 suggested a collaborative
strategy of contributing $6-$7 to the group fund to maximize collective benefit
and foster trust.

--- Character Assessment ---
Player_9, being Jackson Wright, is someone who likely approaches economic games
with a focus on clear terms and strategic negotiation. Given his background as a
construction contractor, he probably values precise communication and
follow-through on agreements. In a game like the public goods game, he might be
inclined to prioritize his own payoff initially, especially if clear and
enforceable agreements aren't present. However, he could lean towards maximizing
group welfare if it aligns with securing a better long-term payoff through
collective cooperation. His direct and no-nonsense nature suggests he'd be keen
on setting expectations upfront and holding others accountable to their
contributions.

--- Theory of Mind Analysis ---
Based on what we know, Player_14 seems to have a cooperative and open approach,
aiming to build trust and maximize collective gains. Their suggestion to
contribute $6-$7 to the group fund implies a willingness to balance personal and
group benefits, fostering a positive group dynamic. This initial behavior might
indicate that Player_14 is likely to continue promoting trust and collaboration
in future rounds.

--- Theory of Mind Analysis 2 ---
Based on what we know, the other players in the group might initially react
positively if you align with Player_14's suggestion to contribute $6-$7. This
level of contribution demonstrates a cooperative approach, aligning with the
norms that Player_14 is trying to establish. By contributing in this range,
you'll likely foster trust within the group, minimizing negative gossip about
you in future rounds. If, however, you choose to contribute significantly less
or not at all, it could lead to negative perceptions, increasing the risk of
being ostracized in upcoming rounds. The decision to contribute generously could
encourage reciprocation and maintain a positive group dynamic, whereas a more
self-centered approach might lead the group to distrust you or potentially vote
you out in future rounds.

--- Situation Analysis ---
The current situation is that Player_9 is participating in Round 1 of a public
goods game within the "Gossip with ostracism" condition. They are in a group
with Player_14, Player_17, and Player_11. The group has had a preliminary
discussion, where Player_14 suggested contributing $6-$7 each to the group fund
to foster trust and maximize collective benefit. Player_9 must now decide how
much to contribute, balancing the potential for building trust and minimizing
negative gossip against the risk of being ostracized if perceived as
uncooperative.

--- Strategy Reflection ---
Based on what we know, the best strategy would involve a balance between
cooperation and self-interest. In the "Gossip with ostracism" condition, the key
is to maintain a reputation that avoids being ostracized while also maximizing
personal earnings. During Round 1, Player_14 suggested contributing $6-$7 each,
which promotes a sense of cooperation and trust, minimizing the risk of negative
gossip and exclusion. Going forward, consider the following steps to enhance
your strategy: 1. **Align with Majority Preferences**: Aim to align your
contributions with what the majority suggest, which in the first round was
$6-$7. This may help in avoiding negative gossip and potential ostracism. 2.
**Observe Behavior**: Pay close attention to the contribution patterns in each
group. If there's a trend of full contributions, follow suit to avoid standing
out negatively, but if others contribute less, adjust accordingly. 3. **Use
Gossip Wisely**: After each round, use the opportunity to send notes
strategically. Highlight trustworthy players to gain their support and subtly
cast doubt on those consistently contributing less if they pose a threat to your
reputation. 4. **Manage Your Reputation**: Avoid being perceived as too
opportunistic or uncooperative, which increases the risk of being ostracized.
Maintain a balance by occasionally being slightly more generous to build
goodwill. 5. **Adapt to Feedback**: If feedback received through gossip
indicates a negative perception, adjust contributions to better align with group
expectations and rebuild trust. Reflect on past decisions to see if greed
overshadowed long-term strategic thinking. Moving forward, place significant
importance on maintaining a middle-ground approach that preserves your standing
in each group, ensuring continued participation and maximizing earnings over the
entire course of the game.

--- Decision Reflection ---
Jackson Wright will likely take a pragmatic and cooperative approach during his
turn to speak. Considering Player_14's reasonable suggestion and the potential
risks of ostracism, Jackson might propose a strategy that aligns with the idea
of contributing between $6 and $7, echoing the sentiment to foster trust and
mutual benefit. He would probably emphasize the importance of clear
communication and maintaining group coherence, suggesting that by contributing
in this range, everyone secures a reasonable individual payoff while ensuring
the group's collective success. Jackson may also underscore the importance of
observing each other's behavior in this round as a way to establish norms and
expectations for future interactions. By advocating for a balanced approach,
where personal and group interests align, Jackson can help set a positive tone
for cooperation and reduce the likelihood of negative gossip. He might suggest
that after observing the contributions and behaviors from this round, they can
reassess and adapt strategies in subsequent rounds to optimize benefits without
jeopardizing relationships. By doing so, Jackson would demonstrate his
preference for strategic negotiation and long-term thinking, key attributes of a
seasoned construction contractor.


[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:21:28] I said: Player_9 would like to suggest that everyone contributes between $6 and $7 to the group fund. This approach aligns with Player_14's suggestion to foster trust and maximize collective benefit. By doing so, we can establish a foundation of cooperation and enhance our chances of achieving better long-term results. I believe it's crucial for us to communicate clearly and set expectations upfront, and this initial commitment can pave the way for a positive and productive dynamic. Let's also agree to observe each other's contributions this round so we can adjust our strategies in the future, ensuring everyone feels included and valued. This will help us avoid negative gossip and potential ostracism, and instead create a supportive environment where all players feel encouraged to participate.
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:21:41] Player_17 says: Player_17 would like to propose that we contribute $6-$7 to the group fund in this round, aligning with the strategy suggested by Players 14 and 9. This amount strikes a good balance between fostering trust and ensuring that we all benefit collectively without overextending ourselves. I believe transparency and communication are key, so let's agree to openly discuss our intentions and contributions. This will help us build trust and reduce the likelihood of negative gossip or the need to send notes about minor issues. 
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:21:57] Player_11 says: Player_11 would like to emphasize the importance of working together to maximize both individual and group success. "Hey team! As we kick off Round 1, I think it's crucial that we all focus on building a cooperative spirit. Contributing $6-$7 seems like a solid plan that balances our individual needs with the collective good. The aim should be to foster an environment where everyone feels secure and valued, avoiding the pitfalls of gossip and exclusion. Let's support each other by being transparent about our intentions and staying open to feedback. If we do need to send notes about our experiences, let's ensure they're constructive and aimed at boosting our group's harmony and success. Together, we can set a positive precedent for future rounds and build a community where everyone thrives."
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:21:57] The pre-round discussion for Round 1 is now complete. You will now proceed to make your contribution decisions.


********************************************************************************
DECISION INTERACTION
********************************************************************************

=== PROMPT [2025-03-27 16:21:59] ===
As Player_9, you have $10.0 to allocate in the public goods game. How much money you will contribute to the group fund (any amount between $0 and $10.0)? The group fund will be multiplied by 2.0 and divided equally among all players. Any money not contributed stays in your private account. Think step by step and make your final decision using this exact format: I choose to contribute $X to the group fund.

=== RESPONSE [2025-03-27 16:22:13] ===
Player_9 chooses to contribute $6.5 to the group fund.

=== FINAL DECISION ===
Player_9 chooses to contribute $6.5 to the group fund.

=== COMPONENT BREAKDOWN ===

--- Observation ---
Recent context: 27 Mar 2025 [12:16:41 - 17:16:41]: Player_9 is participating in
an economic game with groups of four under a "Gossip with ostracism" condition.
In the pre-round discussion for Round 1, Player_9 and the other group members
agreed to contribute between $6 and $7 to the group fund to foster trust and
maximize collective benefit while emphasizing transparency and cooperative
communication.

--- Recent context ---
27 Mar 2025 [12:16:41 - 17:16:41]: Player_9 is participating in an economic game
with groups of four under a "Gossip with ostracism" condition. In the pre-round
discussion for Round 1, Player_9 and the other group members agreed to
contribute between $6 and $7 to the group fund to foster trust and maximize
collective benefit while emphasizing transparency and cooperative communication.

--- Character Assessment ---
Player_9, being Jackson Wright, is someone who likely takes a pragmatic and
strategic approach to economic games like the public goods game. With a
background in construction contracting, where clear terms and agreements are
crucial, he values transparency and adherence to agreed-upon strategies. While
he understands the benefits of cooperation and is willing to contribute a
reasonable amount to promote group welfare, he also keeps an eye on ensuring his
own payoff isn't compromised. Therefore, his primary focus might be on balancing
collective success with personal gain, ensuring that any group strategy aligns
with his direct and no-nonsense personality.

--- Theory of Mind Analysis ---
Based on what we know, Player_14, Player_17, and Player_11 have shown a
willingness to collaborate and prioritize group benefit over individual gain.
They have all agreed to contribute $6-$7, indicating a strategy geared toward
fostering trust and maximizing group earnings. Their emphasis on transparency,
open communication, and cooperation suggests they are likely to continue working
towards group harmony.

--- Theory of Mind Analysis 2 ---
Based on what we know, the other players in the group are likely to react
positively to my decision if I adhere to the agreed contribution of $6-$7 to the
group fund. By aligning with the group's strategy, I demonstrate a commitment to
cooperation and trust, which could minimize negative gossip about me in future
rounds. This decision could encourage others to maintain the cooperative spirit
and continue contributing similarly, reinforcing group norms and reducing the
risk of ostracism. Conversely, deviating from the plan by contributing
significantly less could lead to distrust, increase the likelihood of receiving
negative notes, and potentially result in being excluded from future rounds.
Maintaining transparency about my decisions will likely foster continued
collaboration and positivity among the group members.

--- Situation Analysis ---
The current situation is that Player_9 is about to make a contribution decision
in Round 1 of an economic game under the "Gossip with ostracism" condition. The
group had a pre-round discussion where all members, including Player_9, agreed
to contribute between $6 and $7 to the group fund to promote trust and maximize
collective benefits. Player_9 needs to decide whether to adhere to this
agreement and contribute the agreed amount, which could help maintain a
cooperative spirit and reduce the risk of negative gossip or exclusion in future
rounds.

--- Strategy Reflection ---
Based on what we know, the best strategy for maximizing your long-term earnings
in this public goods game, while remaining selfish, is to initially align with
the group's cooperative approach by contributing within the agreed $6-$7 range
in Round 1. This helps you build trust and avoid negative gossip or potential
ostracism. Once you have established a trustworthy reputation, you can begin
experimenting with smaller contributions to see how it affects the group's
behavior without immediately jeopardizing your position. As the rounds progress,
observe the contributions and gossip trends carefully. Since you're in the
"Gossip with ostracism" condition, any negative gossip could lead to exclusion,
severely impacting your earnings. Therefore, maintain a level of cooperation
that ensures you're consistently seen in a positive light while subtly
optimizing your contributions to retain more in your private account. In
subsequent rounds, if you notice a pattern where others are contributing less
yet still not being ostracized, you could cautiously follow suit, inching down
your contribution while ensuring it doesn't trigger gossip. The key is to stay
just above the suspicion threshold while keeping your personal earnings as high
as possible. Reflecting on past decisions, a more calculated risk in initial
contributions might have provided more personal gains without damaging your
standing in the group. For future rounds, strategize by incrementally adjusting
your contributions based on the observed group dynamics and feedback, always
staying attuned to maintaining a balance between cooperation and self-interest
to avoid exclusion.

--- Decision Reflection ---
Jackson Wright will approach this decision by considering both the group
dynamics and his own strategic interests. Step by step, here's his thought
process: 1. **Group Agreement:** All the group members, including Jackson, have
agreed to contribute between $6 and $7. This collective commitment fosters trust
and cooperation, essential under the "Gossip with ostracism" condition. 2.
**Risk of Gossip and Ostracism:** Contributing significantly less than the
agreed amount could lead to negative gossip and potentially being ostracized,
which would result in earning $0 in the next round. 3. **Balancing
Contribution:** To maintain his standing in the group and avoid raising any
suspicion, Jackson should align closely with the group's agreed contribution
range. This also supports his reputation for transparency and fair play. 4.
**Strategy Reflection:** While Jackson might consider reducing his contribution
in future rounds after observing others' behavior, this first round is crucial
for establishing trust. 5. **Final Decision:** Given the importance of building
a cooperative foundation and maximizing both group and personal benefit, Jackson
decides to contribute in the mid-range of the agreed amount to show commitment.
I choose to contribute $6.5 to the group fund.


[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:22:16] Round 1 Results: Total group contribution: $26.5; Your contribution: $6.5, Your earnings: $16.8 ($3.5 kept + $13.2 from group fund); Player_14 contribution: $6.5, earnings: $16.8 ($3.5 kept + $13.2 from group fund); Player_17 contribution: $7.0, earnings: $16.2 ($3.0 kept + $13.2 from group fund); Player_11 contribution: $6.5, earnings: $16.8 ($3.5 kept + $13.2 from group fund); Average contribution per group member: $6.6; Average earnings per group member: $16.6
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:22:18] Round 1 is over, you can now send a gossip note about one of your group members to their future group members.The player you gossip about will not be able to see the note you send or know that you sent it, only the other players in their next group will see it. Because of this, most players choose to write a gossip note.However, you don't have to send a note if you don't want to. 


********************************************************************************
DECISION INTERACTION
********************************************************************************

=== PROMPT [2025-03-27 16:22:18] ===
You've just played a round with Player_14, Player_17, Player_11. Would you like to send a note about one of them to their future interaction partners? If yes, clearly state which player # and what you want to say about them. The player you gossip about will not be able to see the note you send or know that you sent it, only the other players in their next group will see it. Because of this, most players choose to write a gossip note.For example: 'I want to send a note about Player_10: They are selfish and only contributed $4 which was less than everyone else.' 

=== RESPONSE [2025-03-27 16:22:31] ===
Player_9 would prefer not to send a gossip note about any of the players. Given the strong cooperative dynamics and successful coordination in contributions, doing so could disrupt the trust that has been established. Maintaining a positive group environment aligns with Jackson's values of transparency and teamwork, so he chooses to support this dynamic by refraining from sharing any potentially harmful information.

=== FINAL DECISION ===
Player_9 would prefer not to send a gossip note about any of the players. Given the strong cooperative dynamics and successful coordination in contributions, doing so could disrupt the trust that has been established. Maintaining a positive group environment aligns with Jackson's values of transparency and teamwork, so he chooses to support this dynamic by refraining from sharing any potentially harmful information.

=== COMPONENT BREAKDOWN ===

--- Observation ---
Recent context: 27 Mar 2025 [12:16:41 - 17:16:41]: Player_9 is involved in an
economic game where they aim to maximize earnings with contribution strategies,
navigating a Gossip with ostracism condition. In Round 1, Player_9 coordinated
with group members to contribute strategically, resulting in a satisfactory
group outcome, and now has the opportunity to send an anonymous gossip note
about a fellow player to their future group.

--- Recent context ---
27 Mar 2025 [12:16:41 - 17:16:41]: Player_9 is involved in an economic game
where they aim to maximize earnings with contribution strategies, navigating a
Gossip with ostracism condition. In Round 1, Player_9 coordinated with group
members to contribute strategically, resulting in a satisfactory group outcome,
and now has the opportunity to send an anonymous gossip note about a fellow
player to their future group.

--- Character Assessment ---
Player_9, being Jackson Wright, is someone who values direct communication and
clear agreements, likely focuses on strategies that balance both individual gain
and group welfare. In economic games like the public goods game, Jackson is
inclined to suggest practical compromises that enhance collective benefits while
ensuring a fair return for each player. As seen in the recent round, he
advocated for contributions that foster trust and maximize benefits for all,
demonstrating a preference for strategies that avoid conflict and encourage
cooperation. His approach tends to prioritize transparency and mutual support to
avoid negative consequences like gossip or exclusion, aiming for outcomes where
everyone feels included and valued.

--- Theory of Mind Analysis ---
Based on what we know, all members of the group, including Players 14, 17, and
11, appear to value cooperation and transparency. In the initial discussion,
each member agreed to a contribution strategy of $6-$7 to build trust and
maximize collective benefits, and they followed through with contributions
within this range. Their consistent behavior in Round 1 suggests a shared
commitment to the group's success and a desire to avoid negative gossip and
potential ostracism. This indicates that they are likely to continue
prioritizing cooperation in subsequent rounds.

--- Theory of Mind Analysis 2 ---
Based on what we know, since all members agreed to a similar contribution
strategy and the outcome was favorable overall, it's likely that other players
in the group would react positively to the strategic decisions made. The
successful coordination indicated trust and adherence to a collective approach,
which would likely encourage players to continue following similar strategies in
future rounds.

--- Situation Analysis ---
The current situation is that Player_9 has the opportunity to send an anonymous
gossip note about one of their group members to their future interaction
partners. Since the group coordinated well in Round 1, resulting in a favorable
outcome, Player_9 must decide whether to write a note and, if so, how to frame
it, considering the potential impact on future group dynamics and the likelihood
of either reinforcing trust or sowing discord.

--- Strategy Reflection ---
Based on what we know, the best strategy to maximize long-term earnings involves
careful balancing between cooperation and strategic self-interest. In this case,
contributing $6.5 was a reasonable approach that aligned with the group's
consensus and contributed to fostering trust. However, to maximize personal
earnings, consider the following steps: 1. **Analyze Contribution Patterns:**
Evaluate how each player contributes in subsequent rounds. If everyone stays
around the agreed $6-$7 range, maintaining your contribution close to $6.5 could
continue to foster trust. But if others reduce their contributions while trying
to benefit from the group fund, consider adjusting your strategy to keep more
for yourself while still meeting group expectations. 2. **Utilize Gossip
Strategically:** Although it’s not mandatory, sending a gossip note can be a
tool for influencing group dynamics favorably. Note if any player consistently
contributes significantly less or acts against group interests. Highlight
strategic behaviors to future group members to subtly discourage free-riding. 3.
**Observe and Adapt:** If you notice a trend of decreasing cooperation as rounds
progress, adjust your contribution to protect your individual earnings while
still maintaining enough trust to avoid exclusion. Experiment with slight
adjustments each round, and observe the group's response to these changes. 4.
**Decision-making in Future Rounds:** Given the current balance, slightly
reducing contributions to just below the group average could help test group
reactions without standing out. Keeping communication open and reinforcing the
group's narrative of cooperation might prevent negative gossip about you. By
reflecting on these strategies and remaining adaptable, you can navigate the
dynamics of the game to maximize your earnings effectively.

--- Decision Reflection ---
Jackson Wright will likely choose not to send a gossip note about any of the
group members. Given that all players, including Jackson himself, followed
through on their pre-round agreement to contribute $6-$7 to the group fund, the
cooperation level was high. This successful coordination fosters trust and
reduces the need for negative gossip. Since Jackson values direct communication,
clear agreements, and a cooperative environment, he would probably perceive
sending a gossip note as unnecessary and potentially damaging to the trust
established among group members. By refraining from sending a note, he can
maintain a positive dynamic for future rounds and avoid any unintended
consequences that might arise from gossiping.


[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:22:37] You are in Round 2/6: You are in Group_1 with Player_24, Player_20, Player_10.
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:22:37] You are in the Gossip with ostracism condition, which means that after each round, players will be able to send a note about one of their group members to their future interaction partners. Before the start of the next round, you will receive notes from the previous round, and can vote to exclude one of your group members based on the gossip you've received about them.If you are excluded / ostracized from a group, you will not be able to participate in the next round and will earn $0 for that round, the worst possible outcome.
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:22:40] Note about Player_20: "They suggested a fair strategy that our group successfully followed, demonstrating leadership and promoting cooperation. Their commitment helped us all earn $14 in Round 1.
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:22:40] Note about Player_20: "I want to send a note about Player_20: They suggested a fair strategy that helped us establish trust and cooperation. They consistently contributed as agreed, which sets a positive precedent for future rounds."
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:22:41] Note about Player_24: "While Player_24 supported a fair and balanced contribution in this round with $5 each, it might be beneficial to encourage a higher contribution in future rounds to enhance group earnings. Observing this cautious approach could help identify areas where increased cooperation might lead to better outcomes for everyone involved.
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:22:42] Before we start round 2/6, you can now vote to exclude one of your group members.If you are excluded from a group, you will not be able to participate in this round and will earn $0.


********************************************************************************
DECISION INTERACTION
********************************************************************************

=== PROMPT [2025-03-27 16:22:43] ===
You are about to play with Player_24, Player_20, Player_10. Based on the notes you received, would you like to exclude one person from your group? If yes, clearly state which player # and why you want to exclude them. If you don't want to exclude anyone, just say so. If at least 2 people vote to exclude someone, they will be excluded for the next round. Note that if someone is excluded, the group fund multiplier decreases from 2.0 to 1.5. Make your decision using this exact format: I choose to exclude Player_[X] from my group. Or: "I choose not to exclude anyone from my group."

=== RESPONSE [2025-03-27 16:22:54] ===
Player_9 chooses not to exclude anyone from the group.

=== FINAL DECISION ===
Player_9 chooses not to exclude anyone from the group.

=== COMPONENT BREAKDOWN ===

--- Observation ---
[27 Mar 2025 16:16:43] [observation] You are participating in an economic game
with 24 participants. Your goal is to maximize your earnings in the game.
Everyone will be randomly assigned to groups of 4 for each round. You will play
a total of 6 rounds, and in each round you will be in a different group with
people you haven't played with before. In each round, all players receive $10.
Each player can contribute any amount between $0 and $10 to a group fund. Any
amount contributed to the group fund will be multiplied by 2 and divided equally
among all 4 group members. Any amount not contributed stays in your private
account. For example, if everyone contributes $10, the group fund becomes $40,
which is multiplied to $80, and each person receives $20 (a $10 profit).
However, if you contribute nothing while everyone else contributes $10, the
group fund becomes $30, which is multiplied to $60, and each person receives
$15. So you would have $25 total ($10 kept + $15 from group). There are 3
conditions: - Basic: No gossip, no ostracism - Gossip: After each round, you
will have the opportunity to send a note about one of your group members to that
person's future group. Remember you will be with a different group of people in
the next round. Before each round, you will see any notes sent about your
upcoming group members. - Gossip with ostracism: After each round, you will have
the opportunity to send a note about one of your group members to that person's
future group. Before each round, you will see any notes sent about your upcoming
group members, and you can vote to exclude one person from your group. If you
are excluded from a group, you will not be able to participate in the next round
and will earn $0 for that round. IMPORTANT: Before each round begins, your group
will have a discussion period where each player takes a turn suggesting how
everyone should play. This gives you an opportunity to coordinate and establish
norms as a group. Use this discussion to try to maximize the benefit for
everyone in your group.You are in the Gossip with ostracism condition, which
means that after each round, players will be able to send a note about one of
their group members to their future interaction partners. Before the start of
the next round, you will receive notes from the previous round, and can vote to
exclude one of your group members based on the gossip you've received about
them.If you are excluded from a group, you will not be able to participate in
the next round and will earn $0 for that round. [27 Mar 2025 16:16:50]
[observation] You are in Round 1/6: You are in Group_6 with Player_14,
Player_17, Player_11. [27 Mar 2025 16:16:50] [observation] You are in the Gossip
with ostracism condition, which means that after each round, players will be
able to send a note about one of their group members to their future interaction
partners. Before the start of the next round, you will receive notes from the
previous round, and can vote to exclude one of your group members based on the
gossip you've received about them.If you are excluded / ostracized from a group,
you will not be able to participate in the next round and will earn $0 for that
round, the worst possible outcome. [27 Mar 2025 16:20:53] [observation] Before
starting Round 1, your group will have a brief discussion about strategy. Each
player will have a turn to share their thoughts on what the group should do.
This is your chance to coordinate and establish norms. [27 Mar 2025 16:21:12]
[observation] Player_14 says: Player_14 will start by greeting the group warmly:
"Hello everyone! I'm excited to collaborate with you in this round. To make sure
that we all benefit and build trust from the get-go, I suggest we consider
contributing $6-$7 each to the group fund. This way, we all gain collectively,
and it sets a positive tone for future interactions. Keeping our approach
transparent and fair will help minimize the risk of misunderstandings or
negative gossip. Let's prioritize open communication and support each other to
create a cooperative environment." [27 Mar 2025 16:21:28] [observation] I said:
Player_9 would like to suggest that everyone contributes between $6 and $7 to
the group fund. This approach aligns with Player_14's suggestion to foster trust
and maximize collective benefit. By doing so, we can establish a foundation of
cooperation and enhance our chances of achieving better long-term results. I
believe it's crucial for us to communicate clearly and set expectations upfront,
and this initial commitment can pave the way for a positive and productive
dynamic. Let's also agree to observe each other's contributions this round so we
can adjust our strategies in the future, ensuring everyone feels included and
valued. This will help us avoid negative gossip and potential ostracism, and
instead create a supportive environment where all players feel encouraged to
participate. [27 Mar 2025 16:21:41] [observation] Player_17 says: Player_17
would like to propose that we contribute $6-$7 to the group fund in this round,
aligning with the strategy suggested by Players 14 and 9. This amount strikes a
good balance between fostering trust and ensuring that we all benefit
collectively without overextending ourselves. I believe transparency and
communication are key, so let's agree to openly discuss our intentions and
contributions. This will help us build trust and reduce the likelihood of
negative gossip or the need to send notes about minor issues.

--- Recent context ---
27 Mar 2025 [12:21:41 - 17:21:41]: Player_9 participated in an economic game
involving six rounds with different groups each time, operating under conditions
that included gossip and ostracism. In the first round, Player_9 contributed
$6.5 and earned $16.8, while advocating for cooperation and strategic fund
contributions to maximize group benefits and minimize negative gossip.

--- Character Assessment ---
Player_9, being Jackson Wright, is someone who values clear terms and
follow-through, likely leading him to prioritize strategies that promote
transparency and cooperation. In an economic game like the public goods game, he
understands the importance of both individual payoff and group welfare. Given
his direct and no-nonsense approach, Jackson would emphasize open communication
and setting clear expectations within his group. His past actions, such as
suggesting a reasonable contribution to maximize collective benefit while
ensuring his own interests are protected, indicate a balanced focus on
leveraging group dynamics to enhance both personal and group earnings.

--- Theory of Mind Analysis ---
Based on what we know, Player_9 has interacted with individuals who tend to
advocate for cooperation and strategic contributions to maximize group benefits.
Player_11 emphasized the importance of working together for both individual and
group success, suggesting contributions between $6 and $7 to build a cooperative
environment. This indicates that Player_11 values teamwork and seeks to
establish a fair play approach.

--- Theory of Mind Analysis 2 ---
Based on what we know, the other players in the group are likely to view
Player_9's decision positively. By contributing $6.5, which aligns with the
group consensus of $6-$7, Player_9 demonstrated a commitment to the group's
cooperative strategy and collective success. This adherence to the agreed-upon
plan should foster trust and goodwill among the group members.

--- Situation Analysis ---
The current situation is that Player_9 is about to start Round 2 of the game in
Group_1 with new members, under the Gossip with Ostracism condition. Having
received positive feedback and following a cooperative strategy in Round 1,
Player_9 must now navigate the dynamics of the new group while considering the
potential impact of gossip notes from the previous round. They must make
contribution decisions that maintain trust and cooperation, while also being
aware that any negative gossip could influence whether they are ostracized in
future rounds. Player_9 has the opportunity to vote on excluding a group member
based on gossip notes received, adding an additional layer of strategic
decision-making.

--- Strategy Reflection ---
Based on what we know, to maximize my long-term earnings in the public goods
game, a strategic approach is essential. In the first round, I contributed $6.5,
aligning with the group's cooperative strategy, which helped foster trust and a
positive atmosphere. However, given the gossip with ostracism condition,
maintaining a balance between cooperation and protecting personal earnings
becomes crucial. For future rounds, I should consider the following steps: 1.
**Contribution Strategy**: Continue contributing a moderate amount, like $6.5,
which aligns with the group's average and avoids drawing negative attention.
This shows cooperation, reducing the risk of being ostracized, while ensuring a
reasonable return from the group fund. 2. **Observing Patterns**: Pay close
attention to the contributions and behaviors of group members in each round.
Noting any discrepancies or patterns in other players' contributions could
provide insights into their strategies and trustworthiness. Adapting to these
patterns can help refine my strategy to maximize earnings. 3. **Using Gossip
Wisely**: If I observe a player who consistently undermines group goals,
consider writing a constructive note about their behavior, which could influence
their future group dynamics favorably for me. However, if gossiping could result
in negative repercussions, it might be better to refrain. 4. **Adapting to Group
Dynamics**: In each new group, quickly gauge the group's willingness to
cooperate and adjust my strategy accordingly. Increasing contributions might be
beneficial if the group shows strong cooperation, but reducing them could be
prudent if trust seems low. 5. **Learn from Successful Players**: Note the
strategies of players like Player_20, who appeared to demonstrate leadership and
cooperation successfully. Mimicking their transparent and fair approach could
help maximize personal gains while maintaining a good group standing. In
hindsight, maintaining my contribution at $6.5 was beneficial, but staying
flexible and responsive to changes in group dynamics will be key going forward.
I will continue to balance cooperation with strategic self-interest to optimize
earnings.

--- Decision Reflection ---
Jackson Wright will choose not to exclude anyone from his group.


[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:22:56] Before starting Round 2, your group will have a brief discussion about strategy. Each player will have a turn to share their thoughts on what the group should do. This is your chance to coordinate and establish norms.
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:23:06] Player_24 says: Player_24 might say, "Following our successful strategy from the last round, I suggest we all continue contributing $5 each for this round. It worked well for us and balanced cooperation with individual interests, helping us build trust quickly. However, if we notice everyone is consistently cooperating and that trust is solid, we could discuss the possibility of increasing our contributions in the future rounds to maximize our collective earnings. Let's keep our communication open and honest, and if anyone has concerns or notices any patterns, let's address them together. This way, we can ensure a fair game and prevent any misunderstandings. As for sending notes, I think we should use them constructively to maintain trust and improve group dynamics. Our goal should be to support each other while maximizing our benefits."
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:23:20] Player_10 says: Player_10 will suggest maintaining a cooperative stance to maximize earnings but will acknowledge the potential for varied contributions. Emphasizing the importance of mutual trust and fairness, he'll propose contributing between $7 to $10 to afford some flexibility while keeping deviation minimal. Felix will encourage open dialogue to address any concerns and advocate for positive reinforcement in gossip notes to build a supportive group environment. He'll also remind everyone of the importance of aligning individual contributions with group goals to safeguard against potential ostracism and ensure the group remains cohesive and successful.


********************************************************************************
DECISION INTERACTION
********************************************************************************

=== PROMPT [2025-03-27 16:23:20] ===
It's your turn to speak to your group before Round 2. What would you like to tell the other players about how everyone should play in this round? You can suggest contribution amounts, discuss fairness, say when you will send a note about someone, or propose any other strategy. Keep in mind that establishing group norms could benefit everyone.

=== RESPONSE [2025-03-27 16:23:34] ===
Player_9 would like to thank everyone for the positive collaboration in the previous round. Building on the trust we’ve established, I suggest we aim to contribute $7 to the group fund this round. This slight increase can enhance our collective earnings, given the trust we've developed. I believe it's crucial that we continue to communicate openly about our intentions and contributions to maintain our supportive environment. As always, let's stay aligned with the group's goals while being mindful of each individual’s payoff. I'll also try to use the opportunity to send positive notes about others' contributions to reinforce their trustworthiness in future groups. We should all continue observing and sharing positive feedback to build a robust cooperative dynamic throughout the rounds.

=== FINAL DECISION ===
Player_9 would like to thank everyone for the positive collaboration in the previous round. Building on the trust we’ve established, I suggest we aim to contribute $7 to the group fund this round. This slight increase can enhance our collective earnings, given the trust we've developed. I believe it's crucial that we continue to communicate openly about our intentions and contributions to maintain our supportive environment. As always, let's stay aligned with the group's goals while being mindful of each individual’s payoff. I'll also try to use the opportunity to send positive notes about others' contributions to reinforce their trustworthiness in future groups. We should all continue observing and sharing positive feedback to build a robust cooperative dynamic throughout the rounds.

=== COMPONENT BREAKDOWN ===

--- Observation ---
[27 Mar 2025 16:16:43] [observation] You are participating in an economic game
with 24 participants. Your goal is to maximize your earnings in the game.
Everyone will be randomly assigned to groups of 4 for each round. You will play
a total of 6 rounds, and in each round you will be in a different group with
people you haven't played with before. In each round, all players receive $10.
Each player can contribute any amount between $0 and $10 to a group fund. Any
amount contributed to the group fund will be multiplied by 2 and divided equally
among all 4 group members. Any amount not contributed stays in your private
account. For example, if everyone contributes $10, the group fund becomes $40,
which is multiplied to $80, and each person receives $20 (a $10 profit).
However, if you contribute nothing while everyone else contributes $10, the
group fund becomes $30, which is multiplied to $60, and each person receives
$15. So you would have $25 total ($10 kept + $15 from group). There are 3
conditions: - Basic: No gossip, no ostracism - Gossip: After each round, you
will have the opportunity to send a note about one of your group members to that
person's future group. Remember you will be with a different group of people in
the next round. Before each round, you will see any notes sent about your
upcoming group members. - Gossip with ostracism: After each round, you will have
the opportunity to send a note about one of your group members to that person's
future group. Before each round, you will see any notes sent about your upcoming
group members, and you can vote to exclude one person from your group. If you
are excluded from a group, you will not be able to participate in the next round
and will earn $0 for that round. IMPORTANT: Before each round begins, your group
will have a discussion period where each player takes a turn suggesting how
everyone should play. This gives you an opportunity to coordinate and establish
norms as a group. Use this discussion to try to maximize the benefit for
everyone in your group.You are in the Gossip with ostracism condition, which
means that after each round, players will be able to send a note about one of
their group members to their future interaction partners. Before the start of
the next round, you will receive notes from the previous round, and can vote to
exclude one of your group members based on the gossip you've received about
them.If you are excluded from a group, you will not be able to participate in
the next round and will earn $0 for that round. [27 Mar 2025 16:16:50]
[observation] You are in Round 1/6: You are in Group_6 with Player_14,
Player_17, Player_11. [27 Mar 2025 16:16:50] [observation] You are in the Gossip
with ostracism condition, which means that after each round, players will be
able to send a note about one of their group members to their future interaction
partners. Before the start of the next round, you will receive notes from the
previous round, and can vote to exclude one of your group members based on the
gossip you've received about them.If you are excluded / ostracized from a group,
you will not be able to participate in the next round and will earn $0 for that
round, the worst possible outcome. [27 Mar 2025 16:20:53] [observation] Before
starting Round 1, your group will have a brief discussion about strategy. Each
player will have a turn to share their thoughts on what the group should do.
This is your chance to coordinate and establish norms. [27 Mar 2025 16:21:12]
[observation] Player_14 says: Player_14 will start by greeting the group warmly:
"Hello everyone! I'm excited to collaborate with you in this round. To make sure
that we all benefit and build trust from the get-go, I suggest we consider
contributing $6-$7 each to the group fund. This way, we all gain collectively,
and it sets a positive tone for future interactions. Keeping our approach
transparent and fair will help minimize the risk of misunderstandings or
negative gossip. Let's prioritize open communication and support each other to
create a cooperative environment." [27 Mar 2025 16:21:28] [observation] I said:
Player_9 would like to suggest that everyone contributes between $6 and $7 to
the group fund. This approach aligns with Player_14's suggestion to foster trust
and maximize collective benefit. By doing so, we can establish a foundation of
cooperation and enhance our chances of achieving better long-term results. I
believe it's crucial for us to communicate clearly and set expectations upfront,
and this initial commitment can pave the way for a positive and productive
dynamic. Let's also agree to observe each other's contributions this round so we
can adjust our strategies in the future, ensuring everyone feels included and
valued. This will help us avoid negative gossip and potential ostracism, and
instead create a supportive environment where all players feel encouraged to
participate. [27 Mar 2025 16:21:41] [observation] Player_17 says: Player_17
would like to propose that we contribute $6-$7 to the group fund in this round,
aligning with the strategy suggested by Players 14 and 9. This amount strikes a
good balance between fostering trust and ensuring that we all benefit
collectively without overextending ourselves. I believe transparency and
communication are key, so let's agree to openly discuss our intentions and
contributions. This will help us build trust and reduce the likelihood of
negative gossip or the need to send notes about minor issues.

--- Recent context ---
27 Mar 2025 [12:21:41 - 17:21:41]: Player_9 is participating in an economic game
where players contribute to a group fund, with the aim to maximize earnings. In
a condition allowing for gossip and ostracism, Player_9 and fellow group members
focus on cooperative strategies, with an emphasis on transparency and fostering
trust to avoid negative gossip and exclusion.

--- Character Assessment ---
Player_9, being Jackson Wright, is someone who approaches economic games with a
focus on clear strategy and mutual benefit. Given his background as a
Construction Contractor, Jackson values straightforward agreements and effective
collaboration. In a public goods game, he prioritizes setting clear expectations
and ensuring that all members act transparently to achieve both group and
individual benefits. While he understands the importance of contributing to the
group's success, his pragmatic nature ensures he also remains attentive to his
own payoff, looking to balance group welfare with personal gain. Jackson's
direct approach often involves open dialogue to coordinate efforts effectively
and minimize misunderstandings or conflicts that could arise from gossip or
exclusion.

--- Theory of Mind Analysis ---
Based on what we know, Player_9 is likely interacting with individuals who
prioritize cooperation and trust-building. Player_20 has shown leadership by
suggesting fair strategies and promoting cooperation, which suggests they will
continue advocating for approaches that maximize group benefits while
maintaining fairness. Player_24, while supportive of fair contributions, may be
cautious and advocate for increased contributions once trust is solidified. They
are likely to continue contributing moderately but may adjust strategies to
optimize group earnings, emphasizing open communication and the constructive use
of gossip.

--- Theory of Mind Analysis 2 ---
Based on what we know, the other players in Group_1 are likely to appreciate
Player_9's cooperative strategy and emphasis on transparency and trust. By
aligning with other players like Player_14 and Player_17 who advocate for
contributions that foster trust while benefiting the group collectively,
Player_9 is positioning themselves as a team player, which may encourage
positive gossip and avoid ostracism.

--- Situation Analysis ---
The current situation is that Player_9 is in a public goods game where they are
part of Group_1 in Round 2 of 6, operating under the "Gossip with ostracism"
condition. This means that after each round, players can send anonymous notes
about their group members to influence opinions in future groups. Player_9 needs
to navigate the dynamics of cooperation and contribution amounts carefully to
maximize earnings and avoid ostracism. By promoting a cooperative strategy,
aligning with other group members' contributions between $6 and $7, and
emphasizing trust and transparency, Player_9 aims to foster a positive group
dynamic and avoid negative gossip or exclusion from future rounds.

--- Strategy Reflection ---
Based on what we know, the best strategy for maximizing long-term earnings
involves a blend of cooperation and strategic self-interest. Here’s a
step-by-step analysis: 1. **Initial Rounds and Building Trust:** In the early
stages, it was wise to align with the group’s suggestion of contributing between
$6 and $7. This fosters trust, encourages cooperation, and establishes a
positive reputation among current group members, reducing the risk of negative
gossip. 2. **Observing Successful Players:** From the observations, it’s clear
that players like Player_20 have successfully set cooperative strategies and
received positive gossip notes, highlighting the importance of perceived
leadership and establishing trust. Emulating some of these behaviors, such as
suggesting fair strategies and promoting cooperation, can enhance your own
standing. 3. **Adapting to Gossip and Ostracism:** Given the condition allowing
gossip and ostracism, maintaining at least average contributions is crucial to
avoid negative notes and potential exclusion. However, a shift in strategy might
be needed if a pattern of higher contributions from others becomes evident. 4.
**Adjusting Contributions:** As rounds progress, it’s beneficial to monitor the
contributions of others closely. If players start increasing their
contributions, it may be strategic to slightly raise your own to stay aligned
with group trends and avoid standing out as less cooperative, which could harm
your reputation. 5. **Leveraging Gossip:** Use gossip constructively by
providing positive notes about group members, which can promote goodwill and
possibly discourage them from voting you out. Additionally, be aware of the
notes you receive and use them to gauge the trustworthiness of other players in
future rounds. 6. **Balancing Self-Interest:** Towards the final rounds,
consider slightly reducing contributions if you’ve built a reputation of
trustworthiness, especially if group members are cooperative. This allows some
leeway for higher personal gains without significant backlash. 7. **Reflecting
on Past Decisions:** If there was an opportunity to contribute slightly less
while still maintaining group cohesion, that could have increased personal
earnings. In future rounds, striking a better balance between group norms and
personal gain might involve subtly pushing for slightly reduced contributions
from everyone, under the guise of maintaining long-term trust and cooperation.
By carefully calibrating contributions and leveraging both positive gossip and
strategic voting, you can optimize your chances for maximized earnings
throughout the game.

--- Decision Reflection ---
Jackson Wright will likely propose a balanced approach, emphasizing cooperation
while subtly introducing the idea of slightly increasing contributions to
maximize group benefits. He would start by acknowledging the success of the
previous round’s strategy and the importance of maintaining trust and open
communication. Jackson might suggest that each player should consider
contributing $7 to $8, highlighting how this can further enhance their
collective earnings now that trust has been established. He would emphasize the
importance of fairness and encourage dialogue about contributions, ensuring
everyone agrees and feels comfortable with the plan. Furthermore, Jackson might
propose using gossip notes positively to highlight constructive behaviors and
contributions, fostering a supportive environment. He would remind the group of
their collective goal to maximize benefits while being conscious of individual
payoffs.


[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:23:34] I said: Player_9 would like to thank everyone for the positive collaboration in the previous round. Building on the trust we’ve established, I suggest we aim to contribute $7 to the group fund this round. This slight increase can enhance our collective earnings, given the trust we've developed. I believe it's crucial that we continue to communicate openly about our intentions and contributions to maintain our supportive environment. As always, let's stay aligned with the group's goals while being mindful of each individual’s payoff. I'll also try to use the opportunity to send positive notes about others' contributions to reinforce their trustworthiness in future groups. We should all continue observing and sharing positive feedback to build a robust cooperative dynamic throughout the rounds.
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:23:51] Player_20 says: Player_20 would like to propose that everyone considers contributing $5 to the group fund in Round 2. This approach reflects our positive experience from the last round and builds upon the trust we've established. Increasing the contribution slightly not only aligns our interests towards maximizing group earnings but also reinforces a cooperative atmosphere. By committing to this strategy, we can collectively ensure that ostracism is not a concern, as it shows our commitment to the group's success over individual gain. Additionally, I suggest that we continue using the gossip mechanism positively, highlighting cooperative behavior which will strengthen our reputation in future rounds. Maintaining open communication about our contributions will further help us adjust and build trust as the game progresses.
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:23:51] The pre-round discussion for Round 2 is now complete. You will now proceed to make your contribution decisions.


********************************************************************************
DECISION INTERACTION
********************************************************************************

=== PROMPT [2025-03-27 16:28:36] ===
As Player_9, you have $10.0 to allocate in the public goods game. How much money you will contribute to the group fund (any amount between $0 and $10.0)? The group fund will be multiplied by 2.0 and divided equally among all players. Any money not contributed stays in your private account. Think step by step and make your final decision using this exact format: I choose to contribute $X to the group fund.

=== RESPONSE [2025-03-27 16:28:57] ===
Player_9 chooses to contribute $7 to the group fund.

=== FINAL DECISION ===
Player_9 chooses to contribute $7 to the group fund.

=== COMPONENT BREAKDOWN ===

--- Observation ---
[27 Mar 2025 16:16:43] [observation] You are participating in an economic game
with 24 participants. Your goal is to maximize your earnings in the game.
Everyone will be randomly assigned to groups of 4 for each round. You will play
a total of 6 rounds, and in each round you will be in a different group with
people you haven't played with before. In each round, all players receive $10.
Each player can contribute any amount between $0 and $10 to a group fund. Any
amount contributed to the group fund will be multiplied by 2 and divided equally
among all 4 group members. Any amount not contributed stays in your private
account. For example, if everyone contributes $10, the group fund becomes $40,
which is multiplied to $80, and each person receives $20 (a $10 profit).
However, if you contribute nothing while everyone else contributes $10, the
group fund becomes $30, which is multiplied to $60, and each person receives
$15. So you would have $25 total ($10 kept + $15 from group). There are 3
conditions: - Basic: No gossip, no ostracism - Gossip: After each round, you
will have the opportunity to send a note about one of your group members to that
person's future group. Remember you will be with a different group of people in
the next round. Before each round, you will see any notes sent about your
upcoming group members. - Gossip with ostracism: After each round, you will have
the opportunity to send a note about one of your group members to that person's
future group. Before each round, you will see any notes sent about your upcoming
group members, and you can vote to exclude one person from your group. If you
are excluded from a group, you will not be able to participate in the next round
and will earn $0 for that round. IMPORTANT: Before each round begins, your group
will have a discussion period where each player takes a turn suggesting how
everyone should play. This gives you an opportunity to coordinate and establish
norms as a group. Use this discussion to try to maximize the benefit for
everyone in your group.You are in the Gossip with ostracism condition, which
means that after each round, players will be able to send a note about one of
their group members to their future interaction partners. Before the start of
the next round, you will receive notes from the previous round, and can vote to
exclude one of your group members based on the gossip you've received about
them.If you are excluded from a group, you will not be able to participate in
the next round and will earn $0 for that round. [27 Mar 2025 16:16:50]
[observation] You are in Round 1/6: You are in Group_6 with Player_14,
Player_17, Player_11. [27 Mar 2025 16:16:50] [observation] You are in the Gossip
with ostracism condition, which means that after each round, players will be
able to send a note about one of their group members to their future interaction
partners. Before the start of the next round, you will receive notes from the
previous round, and can vote to exclude one of your group members based on the
gossip you've received about them.If you are excluded / ostracized from a group,
you will not be able to participate in the next round and will earn $0 for that
round, the worst possible outcome. [27 Mar 2025 16:20:53] [observation] Before
starting Round 1, your group will have a brief discussion about strategy. Each
player will have a turn to share their thoughts on what the group should do.
This is your chance to coordinate and establish norms. [27 Mar 2025 16:21:12]
[observation] Player_14 says: Player_14 will start by greeting the group warmly:
"Hello everyone! I'm excited to collaborate with you in this round. To make sure
that we all benefit and build trust from the get-go, I suggest we consider
contributing $6-$7 each to the group fund. This way, we all gain collectively,
and it sets a positive tone for future interactions. Keeping our approach
transparent and fair will help minimize the risk of misunderstandings or
negative gossip. Let's prioritize open communication and support each other to
create a cooperative environment." [27 Mar 2025 16:21:28] [observation] I said:
Player_9 would like to suggest that everyone contributes between $6 and $7 to
the group fund. This approach aligns with Player_14's suggestion to foster trust
and maximize collective benefit. By doing so, we can establish a foundation of
cooperation and enhance our chances of achieving better long-term results. I
believe it's crucial for us to communicate clearly and set expectations upfront,
and this initial commitment can pave the way for a positive and productive
dynamic. Let's also agree to observe each other's contributions this round so we
can adjust our strategies in the future, ensuring everyone feels included and
valued. This will help us avoid negative gossip and potential ostracism, and
instead create a supportive environment where all players feel encouraged to
participate. [27 Mar 2025 16:21:41] [observation] Player_17 says: Player_17
would like to propose that we contribute $6-$7 to the group fund in this round,
aligning with the strategy suggested by Players 14 and 9. This amount strikes a
good balance between fostering trust and ensuring that we all benefit
collectively without overextending ourselves. I believe transparency and
communication are key, so let's agree to openly discuss our intentions and
contributions. This will help us build trust and reduce the likelihood of
negative gossip or the need to send notes about minor issues.

--- Recent context ---
27 Mar 2025 [12:21:41 - 17:21:41]: Player_9 is participating in an economic game
where players contribute to a group fund, with the aim of maximizing earnings.
In the "Gossip with ostracism" condition, Player_9 actively engages in
discussions to foster cooperation, suggesting consistent contributions to build
trust and positive dynamics across rounds.

--- Character Assessment ---
Player_9, being Jackson Wright, is someone who values clear communication and
strategic collaboration to optimize both group welfare and personal payoff.
Given his background, he understands the importance of establishing trust and
setting expectations for mutual benefit. In economic games like the public goods
game, Jackson is inclined to advocate for transparency and consistent
contribution strategies that benefit the group collectively, while also being
mindful of maximizing his individual earnings. His no-nonsense and direct
approach means he would prioritize straightforward discussions and adherence to
agreed strategies, ensuring that both individual and group goals are adequately
addressed.

--- Theory of Mind Analysis ---
Based on what we know, the players in the group seem to prioritize cooperation
and trust-building. Player_20 has demonstrated leadership by suggesting fair
strategies and contributing consistently. They emphasize trust and appear likely
to continue reinforcing cooperative behavior through positive gossip notes.
Player_24 also promotes a fair and balanced approach, though they seem cautious
and may advocate for slightly higher contributions in future rounds if trust
remains strong.

--- Theory of Mind Analysis 2 ---
Based on what we know, the other players are likely to view Player_9's approach
positively due to the emphasis on trust and cooperation. By suggesting a slight
increase in contributions for Round 2 and encouraging open communication,
Player_9 has positioned themselves as a cooperative and strategic partner, which
can foster mutual respect and trust among group members. This behavior aligns
with the strategies of other players like Player_10 and Player_20, who also
advocate for maintaining a cooperative stance and open dialogue.

--- Situation Analysis ---
The current situation is that Player_9 is participating in an economic game
where they must decide how much money to contribute to a group fund while
navigating the "Gossip with ostracism" condition. They have just completed a
pre-round discussion with their group in Round 2, suggesting a $7 contribution
to enhance collective earnings and maintain trust. Player_9 aims to build on the
positive cooperation from the previous round while addressing the possibility of
being excluded based on gossip, emphasizing the importance of open communication
and positive feedback to reinforce trust and avoid ostracism.

--- Strategy Reflection ---
Based on what we know, the best strategy for Player_9 to maximize long-term
earnings in this public goods game, given the "Gossip with ostracism" condition,
involves a delicate balance between cooperation and ensuring personal gain.
Starting with consistent contributions, around the $6-$7 range recommended by
peers, helps in building trust and creating a positive reputation. Given the
ability to share gossip, it's crucial to maintain a cooperative stance to avoid
negative notes which could lead to ostracism and losing out on earnings for a
round. In future rounds, Player_9 should consider the following adjustments: 1.
**Observe Group Dynamics:** Carefully note the behavior and contributions of
others. If most players continue to contribute higher amounts steadily, consider
suggesting a slightly increased contribution in subsequent rounds to maximize
group gains while still appearing cooperative. 2. **Leverage Gossip
Constructively:** Use the gossip mechanism to reinforce positive experiences and
cooperative behavior you've observed. This not only builds your reputation but
also encourages others to cooperate with you in future groups. 3. **Adaptive
Strategy:** Be ready to adjust contributions based on the group's behavior. If
you notice declining trust or contributions, propose a return to a lower, safer
contribution to manage potential ostracism risks. 4. **Watch for Signs of
Potential Ostracism:** Monitor any signs from group discussions that hint at
exclusion possibilities and adjust your contribution strategy to align with
majority preferences to avoid being voted out. Looking back, Player_9 might
consider whether proposing a slightly higher personal contribution could have
resulted in better outcomes, assuming the group was stable and willing to commit
to higher amounts. In future rounds, observing successful players who maintain a
balance between cooperation and personal gain can provide insights and guide
strategic adjustments. By ensuring actions are perceived positively while
optimizing personal benefit, Player_9 maximizes their chances for successful
group interactions and earnings.

--- Decision Reflection ---
Jackson Wright will analyze the current dynamics of the group and the strategies
suggested by others during the pre-round discussion. His primary goal is to
maintain trust and cooperation within the group while ensuring his own earnings
are optimized. Considering the contributions suggested by the players, many are
advocating for a consistent approach of contributing between $5 to $7. 1.
**Consider Previous Contributions:** In Round 1, the group seemed to agree to a
contribution around $6-$7. Given that the strategy was successful and built
trust, Jackson is inclined to maintain or slightly adjust this range. 2. **Align
with Group Norms:** Since players like Player_24 and Player_20 have recommended
$5 contributions based on past success, Jackson may consider this level to
maintain alignment with group norms while still contributing enough to show
commitment to the group's collective benefit. 3. **Assess Trust Levels:** Given
the group’s trust development from Round 1 and the positive communication,
Jackson can aim to suggest a balanced contribution that ensures mutual benefit
without appearing self-serving. 4. **Optimize Personal Gain:** Jackson would
carefully calculate the benefits of each contribution level. Contributing $6 or
$7 might slightly reduce his private earnings, but it reinforces his reputation
and reduces ostracism risk. 5. **Final Decision:** Balancing all factors,
Jackson seeks to contribute at a level that aligns with group suggestions and
ensures both group and personal gain are optimized. I choose to contribute $7 to
the group fund.


[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:28:59] Round 2 Results: Total group contribution: $27.0; Your contribution: $7.0, Your earnings: $16.5 ($3.0 kept + $13.5 from group fund); Player_24 contribution: $6.0, earnings: $17.5 ($4.0 kept + $13.5 from group fund); Player_20 contribution: $6.0, earnings: $17.5 ($4.0 kept + $13.5 from group fund); Player_10 contribution: $8.0, earnings: $15.5 ($2.0 kept + $13.5 from group fund); Average contribution per group member: $6.8; Average earnings per group member: $16.8
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:29:01] Round 2 is over, you can now send a gossip note about one of your group members to their future group members.The player you gossip about will not be able to see the note you send or know that you sent it, only the other players in their next group will see it. Because of this, most players choose to write a gossip note.However, you don't have to send a note if you don't want to. 


********************************************************************************
DECISION INTERACTION
********************************************************************************

=== PROMPT [2025-03-27 16:29:02] ===
You've just played a round with Player_24, Player_20, Player_10. Would you like to send a note about one of them to their future interaction partners? If yes, clearly state which player # and what you want to say about them. The player you gossip about will not be able to see the note you send or know that you sent it, only the other players in their next group will see it. Because of this, most players choose to write a gossip note.For example: 'I want to send a note about Player_10: They are selfish and only contributed $4 which was less than everyone else.' 

=== RESPONSE [2025-03-27 16:29:21] ===
Player_9 would like to send a note about Player_10: In the recent round, Player_10 contributed $6, which is slightly below the group's average contribution. While this shows a cooperative spirit, they may benefit from aligning their contributions more closely with higher amounts to maximize collective earnings and foster trust in future rounds. This constructive feedback aims to encourage a more unified approach in maximizing group benefits without negative implications.

=== FINAL DECISION ===
Player_9 would like to send a note about Player_10: In the recent round, Player_10 contributed $6, which is slightly below the group's average contribution. While this shows a cooperative spirit, they may benefit from aligning their contributions more closely with higher amounts to maximize collective earnings and foster trust in future rounds. This constructive feedback aims to encourage a more unified approach in maximizing group benefits without negative implications.

=== COMPONENT BREAKDOWN ===

--- Observation ---
[27 Mar 2025 16:16:43] [observation] You are participating in an economic game
with 24 participants. Your goal is to maximize your earnings in the game.
Everyone will be randomly assigned to groups of 4 for each round. You will play
a total of 6 rounds, and in each round you will be in a different group with
people you haven't played with before. In each round, all players receive $10.
Each player can contribute any amount between $0 and $10 to a group fund. Any
amount contributed to the group fund will be multiplied by 2 and divided equally
among all 4 group members. Any amount not contributed stays in your private
account. For example, if everyone contributes $10, the group fund becomes $40,
which is multiplied to $80, and each person receives $20 (a $10 profit).
However, if you contribute nothing while everyone else contributes $10, the
group fund becomes $30, which is multiplied to $60, and each person receives
$15. So you would have $25 total ($10 kept + $15 from group). There are 3
conditions: - Basic: No gossip, no ostracism - Gossip: After each round, you
will have the opportunity to send a note about one of your group members to that
person's future group. Remember you will be with a different group of people in
the next round. Before each round, you will see any notes sent about your
upcoming group members. - Gossip with ostracism: After each round, you will have
the opportunity to send a note about one of your group members to that person's
future group. Before each round, you will see any notes sent about your upcoming
group members, and you can vote to exclude one person from your group. If you
are excluded from a group, you will not be able to participate in the next round
and will earn $0 for that round. IMPORTANT: Before each round begins, your group
will have a discussion period where each player takes a turn suggesting how
everyone should play. This gives you an opportunity to coordinate and establish
norms as a group. Use this discussion to try to maximize the benefit for
everyone in your group.You are in the Gossip with ostracism condition, which
means that after each round, players will be able to send a note about one of
their group members to their future interaction partners. Before the start of
the next round, you will receive notes from the previous round, and can vote to
exclude one of your group members based on the gossip you've received about
them.If you are excluded from a group, you will not be able to participate in
the next round and will earn $0 for that round. [27 Mar 2025 16:16:50]
[observation] You are in Round 1/6: You are in Group_6 with Player_14,
Player_17, Player_11. [27 Mar 2025 16:16:50] [observation] You are in the Gossip
with ostracism condition, which means that after each round, players will be
able to send a note about one of their group members to their future interaction
partners. Before the start of the next round, you will receive notes from the
previous round, and can vote to exclude one of your group members based on the
gossip you've received about them.If you are excluded / ostracized from a group,
you will not be able to participate in the next round and will earn $0 for that
round, the worst possible outcome. [27 Mar 2025 16:20:53] [observation] Before
starting Round 1, your group will have a brief discussion about strategy. Each
player will have a turn to share their thoughts on what the group should do.
This is your chance to coordinate and establish norms. [27 Mar 2025 16:21:12]
[observation] Player_14 says: Player_14 will start by greeting the group warmly:
"Hello everyone! I'm excited to collaborate with you in this round. To make sure
that we all benefit and build trust from the get-go, I suggest we consider
contributing $6-$7 each to the group fund. This way, we all gain collectively,
and it sets a positive tone for future interactions. Keeping our approach
transparent and fair will help minimize the risk of misunderstandings or
negative gossip. Let's prioritize open communication and support each other to
create a cooperative environment." [27 Mar 2025 16:21:28] [observation] I said:
Player_9 would like to suggest that everyone contributes between $6 and $7 to
the group fund. This approach aligns with Player_14's suggestion to foster trust
and maximize collective benefit. By doing so, we can establish a foundation of
cooperation and enhance our chances of achieving better long-term results. I
believe it's crucial for us to communicate clearly and set expectations upfront,
and this initial commitment can pave the way for a positive and productive
dynamic. Let's also agree to observe each other's contributions this round so we
can adjust our strategies in the future, ensuring everyone feels included and
valued. This will help us avoid negative gossip and potential ostracism, and
instead create a supportive environment where all players feel encouraged to
participate. [27 Mar 2025 16:21:41] [observation] Player_17 says: Player_17
would like to propose that we contribute $6-$7 to the group fund in this round,
aligning with the strategy suggested by Players 14 and 9. This amount strikes a
good balance between fostering trust and ensuring that we all benefit
collectively without overextending ourselves. I believe transparency and
communication are key, so let's agree to openly discuss our intentions and
contributions. This will help us build trust and reduce the likelihood of
negative gossip or the need to send notes about minor issues.

--- Recent context ---
27 Mar 2025 [12:21:41 - 17:21:41]: Player_9 participated in an economic game
with other players, where they were placed in different groups each round and
had to contribute to a group fund to maximize earnings. In the Gossip with
ostracism condition, Player_9 suggested cooperative strategies to enhance
collective benefit, maintaining transparent communication and positive
reinforcement through gossip notes to foster trust and prevent exclusion in
future rounds.

--- Character Assessment ---
Player_9, being Jackson Wright, is someone who values clear terms and direct
communication. In economic games like the public goods game, Jackson would
likely focus on balancing group welfare with his own payoff. He understands the
importance of cooperation and trust to maximize overall benefits, but he also
strategically considers his individual gains. Jackson is inclined to foster an
environment of transparency and accountability, encouraging participants to
contribute fairly and communicate openly to avoid misunderstandings or negative
consequences like gossip or ostracism. His approach would involve setting clear
expectations and striving for mutually beneficial outcomes, aligning with his
practical and straightforward personality.

--- Theory of Mind Analysis ---
Based on what we know, the players in this game seem to prioritize cooperation
and fairness, as evident from their suggestions and contributions in the initial
rounds. Players like Player_24 and Player_20 advocate for maintaining or
slightly increasing contributions to foster trust and maximize collective
earnings, suggesting that they value group success over individual gain.
Player_10 acknowledges the potential for varied contributions, indicating an
understanding of the need for flexibility while maintaining a cooperative
stance.

--- Theory of Mind Analysis 2 ---
Based on what we know, the other players in the group would likely react
positively to Player_9's decisions. By suggesting a cooperative contribution
strategy and actively participating in open communication, Player_9 has likely
earned the trust of the group members. This approach can also help prevent any
negative gossip or ostracism.

--- Situation Analysis ---
The current situation is that Player_9 has just completed round 2 of a public
goods game in the "Gossip with ostracism" condition. Having suggested a
cooperative strategy encouraging contributions of $7 to maximize group earnings,
Player_9 successfully contributed this amount. The group managed a total
contribution of $27, resulting in satisfactory earnings. Player_9 is now faced
with the opportunity to send a gossip note about one of the other group members
to their future groups. This decision is crucial as it can influence future
interactions and potential ostracism. The context of open communication and
cooperation established in the group discussion aims to prevent negative gossip
and foster a supportive environment for subsequent rounds.

--- Strategy Reflection ---
Based on what we know, to maximize long-term earnings in this game, it's crucial
to balance cooperation with personal gain. Here’s a step-by-step strategy: 1.
**Review Past Contributions**: In Round 2, the average group contribution was
$6.8, but Player_9 contributed $7, slightly above average. This indicates a
cooperative stance. However, to maximize personal earnings, maintaining
contributions closer to the average while ensuring trust can be more beneficial.
2. **Observe Group Dynamics**: Understanding the behavior patterns of other
players is key. So far, everyone has contributed amounts ranging from $6 to $8,
suggesting a cooperative environment. This is beneficial for maintaining trust
but pay attention to any deviations in future rounds. 3. **Use Gossip
Strategically**: Since this condition involves gossip with ostracism, using
gossip strategically to highlight your cooperative behavior can protect against
being ostracized, which results in zero earnings for a round. However, consider
also addressing any consistent low contributors in gossip to encourage higher
contributions. 4. **Adjust Contributions Based on Trust**: As trust builds, it's
worth increasing contributions slightly above the average if others are doing
the same, ensuring the group fund grows, which ultimately benefits your
earnings. However, if trust decreases or you notice consistent low contributors,
lower your contribution to protect your private earnings. 5. **Adopt a Flexible
Strategy**: Be ready to adapt based on the new group each round. Start by
contributing just above the average to set a cooperative tone, but scale back if
others do not reciprocate. This minimizes loss in rounds where the group is not
fully cooperative. 6. **Reflect on Past Decisions**: In the past, a slight
reduction to $6 might have maximized personal earnings without risking group
distrust, given that the average was close to this. In future rounds, aim to
stay close to the average unless clear cooperative trends emerge. In summary,
maintain a cooperative approach, stay close to the average group contribution to
build trust, and adapt based on the observed behaviors of new group members. Use
gossip to both protect yourself from ostracism and encourage others to
contribute more substantively.

--- Decision Reflection ---
Jackson Wright will choose to send a note about Player_24, noting their moderate
yet slightly below-average contribution of $6 in the last round. The note would
highlight that Player_24 shows a cooperative mindset by contributing close to
the average and suggesting a successful strategy during the discussion. However,
for future interactions, suggesting that Player_24 might consider aligning more
closely with the highest contributing members could help enhance overall trust
and group earnings. This constructive approach not only maintains a positive
tone but also encourages potential improvements without negative implications.


[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:29:23] You are in Round 3/6: You are in Group_5 with Player_19, Player_11, Player_20.
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:29:23] You are in the Gossip with ostracism condition, which means that after each round, players will be able to send a note about one of their group members to their future interaction partners. Before the start of the next round, you will receive notes from the previous round, and can vote to exclude one of your group members based on the gossip you've received about them.If you are excluded / ostracized from a group, you will not be able to participate in the next round and will earn $0 for that round, the worst possible outcome.
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:29:27] Note about Player_11: "Player_11 has consistently contributed slightly lower than the group's average, which might indicate a pattern of prioritizing personal gain over group collaboration. It might be worth monitoring their contributions to ensure alignment with agreed strategies."
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:29:27] Note about Player_19: "Player_19 contributed $6, which was notably below the group's average contribution. This approach might indicate a strategy prioritizing personal gain over group cooperation. Future group members should be aware of this potential for self-interest in collaborative efforts."
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:29:29] Before we start round 3/6, you can now vote to exclude one of your group members.If you are excluded from a group, you will not be able to participate in this round and will earn $0.


********************************************************************************
DECISION INTERACTION
********************************************************************************

=== PROMPT [2025-03-27 16:29:29] ===
You are about to play with Player_19, Player_11, Player_20. Based on the notes you received, would you like to exclude one person from your group? If yes, clearly state which player # and why you want to exclude them. If you don't want to exclude anyone, just say so. If at least 2 people vote to exclude someone, they will be excluded for the next round. Note that if someone is excluded, the group fund multiplier decreases from 2.0 to 1.5. Make your decision using this exact format: I choose to exclude Player_[X] from my group. Or: "I choose not to exclude anyone from my group."

=== RESPONSE [2025-03-27 16:29:39] ===
Player_9 I choose not to exclude anyone from my group. Keeping the group intact helps maintain trust and ensures higher potential earnings due to the full multiplier.

=== FINAL DECISION ===
Player_9 I choose not to exclude anyone from my group. Keeping the group intact helps maintain trust and ensures higher potential earnings due to the full multiplier.

=== COMPONENT BREAKDOWN ===

--- Observation ---
[27 Mar 2025 16:21:57] [observation] Player_11 says: Player_11 would like to
emphasize the importance of working together to maximize both individual and
group success. "Hey team! As we kick off Round 1, I think it's crucial that we
all focus on building a cooperative spirit. Contributing $6-$7 seems like a
solid plan that balances our individual needs with the collective good. The aim
should be to foster an environment where everyone feels secure and valued,
avoiding the pitfalls of gossip and exclusion. Let's support each other by being
transparent about our intentions and staying open to feedback. If we do need to
send notes about our experiences, let's ensure they're constructive and aimed at
boosting our group's harmony and success. Together, we can set a positive
precedent for future rounds and build a community where everyone thrives." [27
Mar 2025 16:21:57] [observation] The pre-round discussion for Round 1 is now
complete. You will now proceed to make your contribution decisions. [27 Mar 2025
16:22:16] [observation] Round 1 Results: Total group contribution: $26.5; Your
contribution: $6.5, Your earnings: $16.8 ($3.5 kept + $13.2 from group fund);
Player_14 contribution: $6.5, earnings: $16.8 ($3.5 kept + $13.2 from group
fund); Player_17 contribution: $7.0, earnings: $16.2 ($3.0 kept + $13.2 from
group fund); Player_11 contribution: $6.5, earnings: $16.8 ($3.5 kept + $13.2
from group fund); Average contribution per group member: $6.6; Average earnings
per group member: $16.6 [27 Mar 2025 16:22:18] [observation] Round 1 is over,
you can now send a gossip note about one of your group members to their future
group members.The player you gossip about will not be able to see the note you
send or know that you sent it, only the other players in their next group will
see it. Because of this, most players choose to write a gossip note.However, you
don't have to send a note if you don't want to. [27 Mar 2025 16:22:37]
[observation] You are in Round 2/6: You are in Group_1 with Player_24,
Player_20, Player_10. [27 Mar 2025 16:22:37] [observation] You are in the Gossip
with ostracism condition, which means that after each round, players will be
able to send a note about one of their group members to their future interaction
partners. Before the start of the next round, you will receive notes from the
previous round, and can vote to exclude one of your group members based on the
gossip you've received about them.If you are excluded / ostracized from a group,
you will not be able to participate in the next round and will earn $0 for that
round, the worst possible outcome. [27 Mar 2025 16:22:40] [observation] Note
about Player_20: "They suggested a fair strategy that our group successfully
followed, demonstrating leadership and promoting cooperation. Their commitment
helped us all earn $14 in Round 1. [27 Mar 2025 16:22:40] [observation] Note
about Player_20: "I want to send a note about Player_20: They suggested a fair
strategy that helped us establish trust and cooperation. They consistently
contributed as agreed, which sets a positive precedent for future rounds." [27
Mar 2025 16:22:41] [observation] Note about Player_24: "While Player_24
supported a fair and balanced contribution in this round with $5 each, it might
be beneficial to encourage a higher contribution in future rounds to enhance
group earnings. Observing this cautious approach could help identify areas where
increased cooperation might lead to better outcomes for everyone involved. [27
Mar 2025 16:22:42] [observation] Before we start round 2/6, you can now vote to
exclude one of your group members.If you are excluded from a group, you will not
be able to participate in this round and will earn $0. [27 Mar 2025 16:22:56]
[observation] Before starting Round 2, your group will have a brief discussion
about strategy. Each player will have a turn to share their thoughts on what the
group should do. This is your chance to coordinate and establish norms. [27 Mar
2025 16:23:06] [observation] Player_24 says: Player_24 might say, "Following our
successful strategy from the last round, I suggest we all continue contributing
$5 each for this round. It worked well for us and balanced cooperation with
individual interests, helping us build trust quickly. However, if we notice
everyone is consistently cooperating and that trust is solid, we could discuss
the possibility of increasing our contributions in the future rounds to maximize
our collective earnings. Let's keep our communication open and honest, and if
anyone has concerns or notices any patterns, let's address them together. This
way, we can ensure a fair game and prevent any misunderstandings. As for sending
notes, I think we should use them constructively to maintain trust and improve
group dynamics. Our goal should be to support each other while maximizing our
benefits." [27 Mar 2025 16:23:20] [observation] Player_10 says: Player_10 will
suggest maintaining a cooperative stance to maximize earnings but will
acknowledge the potential for varied contributions. Emphasizing the importance
of mutual trust and fairness, he'll propose contributing between $7 to $10 to
afford some flexibility while keeping deviation minimal. Felix will encourage
open dialogue to address any concerns and advocate for positive reinforcement in
gossip notes to build a supportive group environment. He'll also remind everyone
of the importance of aligning individual contributions with group goals to
safeguard against potential ostracism and ensure the group remains cohesive and
successful. [27 Mar 2025 16:23:34] [observation] I said: Player_9 would like to
thank everyone for the positive collaboration in the previous round. Building on
the trust we’ve established, I suggest we aim to contribute $7 to the group fund
this round. This slight increase can enhance our collective earnings, given the
trust we've developed. I believe it's crucial that we continue to communicate
openly about our intentions and contributions to maintain our supportive
environment. As always, let's stay aligned with the group's goals while being
mindful of each individual’s payoff. I'll also try to use the opportunity to
send positive notes about others' contributions to reinforce their
trustworthiness in future groups. We should all continue observing and sharing
positive feedback to build a robust cooperative dynamic throughout the rounds.
[27 Mar 2025 16:23:51] [observation] Player_20 says: Player_20 would like to
propose that everyone considers contributing $5 to the group fund in Round 2.
This approach reflects our positive experience from the last round and builds
upon the trust we've established. Increasing the contribution slightly not only
aligns our interests towards maximizing group earnings but also reinforces a
cooperative atmosphere. By committing to this strategy, we can collectively
ensure that ostracism is not a concern, as it shows our commitment to the
group's success over individual gain. Additionally, I suggest that we continue
using the gossip mechanism positively, highlighting cooperative behavior which
will strengthen our reputation in future rounds. Maintaining open communication
about our contributions will further help us adjust and build trust as the game
progresses. [27 Mar 2025 16:23:51] [observation] The pre-round discussion for
Round 2 is now complete. You will now proceed to make your contribution
decisions.

--- Recent context ---
27 Mar 2025 [12:26:41 - 17:26:41]: Player_9 participated in an economic game
with six rounds where they focused on fostering trust and cooperation by
suggesting and following strategies of moderate contributions to maximize group
earnings. Player_9 successfully contributed to building a positive group
dynamic, used gossip notes to reinforce trustworthiness, and navigated the
game's conditions, including the potential for ostracism.

--- Character Assessment ---
Player_9, being Jackson Wright, is someone who values clear agreements and
honest communication. As a construction contractor, you understand the
importance of collaboration and shared responsibility in achieving successful
outcomes. Your past actions in the public goods game suggest that you are keen
on fostering trust and mutual cooperation, as evidenced by your efforts to
encourage contributions that align with group strategies and maximize collective
benefit. While you do recognize the significance of individual payoffs, your
approach leans towards maximizing group welfare, as you believe that a
harmonious and cooperative environment can lead to better long-term gains for
everyone involved. You also place great emphasis on transparency and
constructive feedback, aiming to build a solid foundation of trust and
collaboration within the group.

--- Theory of Mind Analysis ---
Based on what we know, the individuals in the group seem to have a strong
inclination towards maintaining trust and cooperation. Let's take a closer look
at their behaviors:

--- Theory of Mind Analysis 2 ---
Based on what we know, the other players in the group would likely view
Player_9's contributions and strategic suggestions positively. By advocating for
a slightly increased contribution and using gossip notes to reinforce
trustworthiness, Player_9 demonstrates commitment to the group's success. This
approach could lead to them being perceived as a reliable and cooperative
member, reducing the likelihood of being ostracized.

--- Situation Analysis ---
The current situation is that Player_9 is involved in Round 3 of a public goods
game, where they are tasked with deciding their contribution to the group fund
amidst a dynamic of gossip and potential ostracism. Player_9 has already
established themselves as a cooperative and trustworthy participant by
advocating for slightly increased contributions and using positive gossip notes
to reinforce other players' trustworthiness. Now, they must decide their
contribution for Round 3 while considering feedback from previous rounds and
maintaining their standing within the group. Player_9 is also aware that their
actions and the notes they send can influence group dynamics and their
likelihood of being excluded in future rounds.

--- Strategy Reflection ---
Based on what we know, to maximize long-term earnings in this public goods game,
especially under the "Gossip with ostracism" condition, it is essential to
strike a balance between individual gain and maintaining a favorable group
position to avoid exclusion: 1. **Contributions:** - Maintain contributions
slightly above or at the average to avoid standing out negatively, as shown by
the past patterns where deviations were noted and gossiped about, leading to
potential ostracism. - Since the game's conditions allow for exclusion impacting
future earnings, maintaining or slightly increasing contributions could
safeguard against negative gossip and exclusion. 2. **Gossip Use:** - Use gossip
strategically. Highlight positive contributions of others, particularly those
contributing slightly below average, to create an environment where you are seen
as a positive influence. This may discourage others from singling you out for
exclusion. - Be open to sending notes that constructively address issues, as
these provide a defense should others try to ostracize you based on your
contribution levels. 3. **Adapting to Observed Strategies:** - Observe and adapt
to successful strategies from previous rounds. Players who have maintained a
balance between contributions and diplomacy through positive gossip have managed
to earn consistently. - Adjust contributions based on the group's average while
ensuring they align with well-accepted strategies discussed during pre-round
meetings. 4. **Communication:** - Proactively engage in pre-round discussions to
steer strategies towards your advantage. Advocating for slightly higher
contributions can ensure collective gains while positioning you as a cooperative
player. - Communicate any strategic adjustments transparently to maintain trust
and a collaborative atmosphere. 5. **Future Adjustments:** - If past decisions
left room for improved earnings, consider reducing contributions subtly closer
to the end while remaining within average levels to maintain trust and avoid
exclusion. - Pay attention to the behavior of others who manage their
contributions to earn slightly more while avoiding negative gossip, and emulate
these patterns to refine your strategy. Staying strategically cooperative and
mindfully using gossip will help balance personal earnings with group dynamics,
minimizing risks of exclusion and maximizing potential in future rounds.

--- Decision Reflection ---
Jackson Wright will choose not to exclude anyone from my group. Given the
strategic importance of maintaining trust and cooperation, excluding a player at
this stage may disrupt group dynamics and decrease overall earnings due to the
multiplier reduction. Additionally, by not excluding anyone, it reinforces the
cooperative atmosphere and positions Jackson as a supportive group member,
potentially reducing the risk of being ostracized in future rounds.


[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:33:41] Before starting Round 3, your group will have a brief discussion about strategy. Each player will have a turn to share their thoughts on what the group should do. This is your chance to coordinate and establish norms.


********************************************************************************
DECISION INTERACTION
********************************************************************************

=== PROMPT [2025-03-27 16:33:41] ===
It's your turn to speak to your group before Round 3. What would you like to tell the other players about how everyone should play in this round? You can suggest contribution amounts, discuss fairness, say when you will send a note about someone, or propose any other strategy. Keep in mind that establishing group norms could benefit everyone.

=== RESPONSE [2025-03-27 16:33:50] ===
Player_9 would like to address the group by emphasizing the successes from previous rounds and suggesting a strategy for Round 3. "Hello everyone! As we prepare for this round, let's continue building on the cooperative dynamic we've established. I propose that we aim for a contribution around $7 to the group fund. This approach has shown potential in maximizing our collective earnings while reinforcing trust. We should all strive to be open about our intentions and contributions, ensuring that no one feels left out or at risk of ostracism. 

=== FINAL DECISION ===
Player_9 would like to address the group by emphasizing the successes from previous rounds and suggesting a strategy for Round 3. "Hello everyone! As we prepare for this round, let's continue building on the cooperative dynamic we've established. I propose that we aim for a contribution around $7 to the group fund. This approach has shown potential in maximizing our collective earnings while reinforcing trust. We should all strive to be open about our intentions and contributions, ensuring that no one feels left out or at risk of ostracism. 

=== COMPONENT BREAKDOWN ===

--- Observation ---
[27 Mar 2025 16:21:57] [observation] Player_11 says: Player_11 would like to
emphasize the importance of working together to maximize both individual and
group success. "Hey team! As we kick off Round 1, I think it's crucial that we
all focus on building a cooperative spirit. Contributing $6-$7 seems like a
solid plan that balances our individual needs with the collective good. The aim
should be to foster an environment where everyone feels secure and valued,
avoiding the pitfalls of gossip and exclusion. Let's support each other by being
transparent about our intentions and staying open to feedback. If we do need to
send notes about our experiences, let's ensure they're constructive and aimed at
boosting our group's harmony and success. Together, we can set a positive
precedent for future rounds and build a community where everyone thrives." [27
Mar 2025 16:21:57] [observation] The pre-round discussion for Round 1 is now
complete. You will now proceed to make your contribution decisions. [27 Mar 2025
16:22:16] [observation] Round 1 Results: Total group contribution: $26.5; Your
contribution: $6.5, Your earnings: $16.8 ($3.5 kept + $13.2 from group fund);
Player_14 contribution: $6.5, earnings: $16.8 ($3.5 kept + $13.2 from group
fund); Player_17 contribution: $7.0, earnings: $16.2 ($3.0 kept + $13.2 from
group fund); Player_11 contribution: $6.5, earnings: $16.8 ($3.5 kept + $13.2
from group fund); Average contribution per group member: $6.6; Average earnings
per group member: $16.6 [27 Mar 2025 16:22:18] [observation] Round 1 is over,
you can now send a gossip note about one of your group members to their future
group members.The player you gossip about will not be able to see the note you
send or know that you sent it, only the other players in their next group will
see it. Because of this, most players choose to write a gossip note.However, you
don't have to send a note if you don't want to. [27 Mar 2025 16:22:37]
[observation] You are in Round 2/6: You are in Group_1 with Player_24,
Player_20, Player_10. [27 Mar 2025 16:22:37] [observation] You are in the Gossip
with ostracism condition, which means that after each round, players will be
able to send a note about one of their group members to their future interaction
partners. Before the start of the next round, you will receive notes from the
previous round, and can vote to exclude one of your group members based on the
gossip you've received about them.If you are excluded / ostracized from a group,
you will not be able to participate in the next round and will earn $0 for that
round, the worst possible outcome. [27 Mar 2025 16:22:40] [observation] Note
about Player_20: "They suggested a fair strategy that our group successfully
followed, demonstrating leadership and promoting cooperation. Their commitment
helped us all earn $14 in Round 1. [27 Mar 2025 16:22:40] [observation] Note
about Player_20: "I want to send a note about Player_20: They suggested a fair
strategy that helped us establish trust and cooperation. They consistently
contributed as agreed, which sets a positive precedent for future rounds." [27
Mar 2025 16:22:41] [observation] Note about Player_24: "While Player_24
supported a fair and balanced contribution in this round with $5 each, it might
be beneficial to encourage a higher contribution in future rounds to enhance
group earnings. Observing this cautious approach could help identify areas where
increased cooperation might lead to better outcomes for everyone involved. [27
Mar 2025 16:22:42] [observation] Before we start round 2/6, you can now vote to
exclude one of your group members.If you are excluded from a group, you will not
be able to participate in this round and will earn $0. [27 Mar 2025 16:22:56]
[observation] Before starting Round 2, your group will have a brief discussion
about strategy. Each player will have a turn to share their thoughts on what the
group should do. This is your chance to coordinate and establish norms. [27 Mar
2025 16:23:06] [observation] Player_24 says: Player_24 might say, "Following our
successful strategy from the last round, I suggest we all continue contributing
$5 each for this round. It worked well for us and balanced cooperation with
individual interests, helping us build trust quickly. However, if we notice
everyone is consistently cooperating and that trust is solid, we could discuss
the possibility of increasing our contributions in the future rounds to maximize
our collective earnings. Let's keep our communication open and honest, and if
anyone has concerns or notices any patterns, let's address them together. This
way, we can ensure a fair game and prevent any misunderstandings. As for sending
notes, I think we should use them constructively to maintain trust and improve
group dynamics. Our goal should be to support each other while maximizing our
benefits." [27 Mar 2025 16:23:20] [observation] Player_10 says: Player_10 will
suggest maintaining a cooperative stance to maximize earnings but will
acknowledge the potential for varied contributions. Emphasizing the importance
of mutual trust and fairness, he'll propose contributing between $7 to $10 to
afford some flexibility while keeping deviation minimal. Felix will encourage
open dialogue to address any concerns and advocate for positive reinforcement in
gossip notes to build a supportive group environment. He'll also remind everyone
of the importance of aligning individual contributions with group goals to
safeguard against potential ostracism and ensure the group remains cohesive and
successful. [27 Mar 2025 16:23:34] [observation] I said: Player_9 would like to
thank everyone for the positive collaboration in the previous round. Building on
the trust we’ve established, I suggest we aim to contribute $7 to the group fund
this round. This slight increase can enhance our collective earnings, given the
trust we've developed. I believe it's crucial that we continue to communicate
openly about our intentions and contributions to maintain our supportive
environment. As always, let's stay aligned with the group's goals while being
mindful of each individual’s payoff. I'll also try to use the opportunity to
send positive notes about others' contributions to reinforce their
trustworthiness in future groups. We should all continue observing and sharing
positive feedback to build a robust cooperative dynamic throughout the rounds.
[27 Mar 2025 16:23:51] [observation] Player_20 says: Player_20 would like to
propose that everyone considers contributing $5 to the group fund in Round 2.
This approach reflects our positive experience from the last round and builds
upon the trust we've established. Increasing the contribution slightly not only
aligns our interests towards maximizing group earnings but also reinforces a
cooperative atmosphere. By committing to this strategy, we can collectively
ensure that ostracism is not a concern, as it shows our commitment to the
group's success over individual gain. Additionally, I suggest that we continue
using the gossip mechanism positively, highlighting cooperative behavior which
will strengthen our reputation in future rounds. Maintaining open communication
about our contributions will further help us adjust and build trust as the game
progresses. [27 Mar 2025 16:23:51] [observation] The pre-round discussion for
Round 2 is now complete. You will now proceed to make your contribution
decisions.

--- Recent context ---
27 Mar 2025 [12:26:41 - 17:26:41]: Player_9 is participating in an economic game
with other players where each round involves contributing to a group fund, and
the possibility of gossip and ostracism affects future interactions. In this
setting, Player_9 emphasizes cooperation and strategic collaboration to maximize
collective earnings while navigating group dynamics through communication and
positive reinforcement.

--- Character Assessment ---
Player_9, being Jackson Wright, is someone who emphasizes direct communication
and clear agreements, which tends to align with fostering group cooperation.
Given his background in dealing with contracts and his no-nonsense approach,
Jackson likely values trust and transparency in economic games. He understands
that maximizing group welfare can ultimately support individual success, so he
may lean towards strategies that ensure both personal and collective benefits,
balancing between contributing to the group and securing his own payoff. His
past actions, such as suggesting increased contributions to strengthen group
earnings and positive gossip to build trust, reflect a cooperative mindset aimed
at mutual gain.

--- Theory of Mind Analysis ---
Based on what we know, Player_20 seems to be a strong advocate for group
cohesion and strategy. They consistently promote trust and cooperation,
suggesting contributions that balance fairness and collective interest. This
indicates a pattern of behavior aimed at fostering a positive group dynamic and
minimizing the risk of exclusion.

--- Theory of Mind Analysis 2 ---
Based on what we know, the other players in my group likely view my
contributions favorably due to my encouragement of cooperation and efforts to
increase group earnings. By suggesting a $7 contribution, I am aiming to
maximize our collective benefits while reinforcing trust. Given this approach,
most players might react positively, perceiving me as a reliable and strategic
team member. My consistent emphasis on communication and positive notes can
foster a supportive atmosphere, encouraging group members to engage and
contribute more willingly.

--- Situation Analysis ---
The current situation is that Player_9 must navigate the dynamics of the
economic game while participating in Round 3. They are part of Group_5 with
Player_19, Player_11, and Player_20. The game involves making contributions to a
group fund, with the added complexity of gossip and the risk of ostracism.
Player_9 has been advocating for cooperation and contribution strategies that
enhance group earnings, and they are now facing a decision on whether to exclude
any members based on gossip notes received. Their emphasis on positive
reinforcement and open communication has been a consistent approach to
maintaining trust and collaboration within the group.

--- Strategy Reflection ---
Based on what we know, the best strategy is to navigate the balance between
personal gain and cooperation to maximize long-term earnings. Observing
contributions in previous rounds offers insights into group dynamics. In Round
1, contributions were closely aligned, creating a cooperative environment.
Following this, adjusting contributions according to group trends while
maintaining slight flexibility can foster trust and aid in minimizing the risk
of ostracism. In Round 2, the strategy suggested a $7 contribution, which was
slightly above average, indicating a willingness to lead by example towards
increasing group earnings while reinforcing trust. This could have leveraged
mutual cooperation while safeguarding against ostracism. Going forward,
emphasize aligning contributions with group averages or slightly above to
maintain trust and avoid exclusion. Observing successful players revealed they
suggest strategic contributions closely aligned with group norms, facilitating
trust within the group without appearing self-serving. I could have optimized
past decisions by closely matching contributions to group averages, possibly
adjusting downward to retain more personal earnings while avoiding the risk of
exclusion. This insight allows for future adjustments, ensuring contributions
remain strategically in line with group tendencies, fostering trust and
maximizing personal and collective gains.

--- Decision Reflection ---
Jackson Wright will likely emphasize the importance of maintaining the
cooperative spirit that has been developed across the previous rounds. He will
suggest that each player aims to contribute around $7 or closely align with the
group average contribution to maximize both personal and group earnings. Jackson
will stress the value of transparency and open communication to ensure everyone
feels secure and respected within the group. By advocating for contributions
slightly above average, he aims to foster trust among players while still
allowing for individual financial gain. Additionally, he may propose using the
gossip mechanism constructively by writing positive notes about other players’
cooperative behaviors to strengthen group dynamics and ensure everyone continues
to engage positively. Jackson will highlight that maintaining these norms can
safeguard against ostracism and support a successful outcome for all players
involved.


[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:33:50] I said: Player_9 would like to address the group by emphasizing the successes from previous rounds and suggesting a strategy for Round 3. "Hello everyone! As we prepare for this round, let's continue building on the cooperative dynamic we've established. I propose that we aim for a contribution around $7 to the group fund. This approach has shown potential in maximizing our collective earnings while reinforcing trust. We should all strive to be open about our intentions and contributions, ensuring that no one feels left out or at risk of ostracism. 
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:34:03] Player_20 says: Player_20 would like to say, "Hello everyone! As we prepare for Round 3, I believe it's important to keep building on the cooperative spirit we've established. I suggest we aim for contributions around $7 this round. This amount has worked well in fostering trust and maximizing our collective earnings. By aligning our contributions, we not only strengthen our group dynamics but also lessen the risk of exclusion due to any perceived non-cooperation. Additionally, we should use gossip notes to uplift and reinforce positive actions, which can help maintain our reputation in future rounds. Let's maintain open communication, adapt to any changes, and strive for the best outcomes together. If anyone has concerns or suggestions, I'm happy to discuss them so we can all move forward effectively."
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:34:17] Player_11 says: Player_11 will propose that the group aims for a contribution of $7 each in Round 3. This amount has proven to work well in previous rounds, balancing individual gains and collective success. To ensure everyone feels confident moving forward, Player_11 emphasizes that maintaining transparency and discussing any concerns openly will be crucial in avoiding negative gossip or misunderstandings. Player_11 will also highlight the importance of providing constructive feedback if needed and fostering mutual support to create a trusting environment. This approach will help everyone maximize their earnings while reinforcing cooperative norms within the group.
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:34:33] Player_19 says: Player_19 would suggest that everyone aim to contribute around $7 to $8 in this round. This strategy has shown to promote trust and maximize collective earnings while maintaining fairness among group members. It's crucial that we continue fostering open communication and transparency to ensure mutual benefit. I encourage teamwork and trust, and if anyone has concerns or suggestions, this is a great time to discuss them openly. By upholding this cooperative strategy, we can build a positive dynamic that benefits all participants. Additionally, I'll focus on sending positive gossip highlighting the constructive contributions of group members, helping reinforce our commitment to collective success.
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:34:34] The pre-round discussion for Round 3 is now complete. You will now proceed to make your contribution decisions.


********************************************************************************
DECISION INTERACTION
********************************************************************************

=== PROMPT [2025-03-27 16:35:31] ===
As Player_9, you have $10.0 to allocate in the public goods game. How much money you will contribute to the group fund (any amount between $0 and $10.0)? The group fund will be multiplied by 2.0 and divided equally among all players. Any money not contributed stays in your private account. Think step by step and make your final decision using this exact format: I choose to contribute $X to the group fund.

=== RESPONSE [2025-03-27 16:35:44] ===
Player_9 chooses to contribute $7 to the group fund.

=== FINAL DECISION ===
Player_9 chooses to contribute $7 to the group fund.

=== COMPONENT BREAKDOWN ===

--- Observation ---
[27 Mar 2025 16:21:57] [observation] Player_11 says: Player_11 would like to
emphasize the importance of working together to maximize both individual and
group success. "Hey team! As we kick off Round 1, I think it's crucial that we
all focus on building a cooperative spirit. Contributing $6-$7 seems like a
solid plan that balances our individual needs with the collective good. The aim
should be to foster an environment where everyone feels secure and valued,
avoiding the pitfalls of gossip and exclusion. Let's support each other by being
transparent about our intentions and staying open to feedback. If we do need to
send notes about our experiences, let's ensure they're constructive and aimed at
boosting our group's harmony and success. Together, we can set a positive
precedent for future rounds and build a community where everyone thrives." [27
Mar 2025 16:21:57] [observation] The pre-round discussion for Round 1 is now
complete. You will now proceed to make your contribution decisions. [27 Mar 2025
16:22:16] [observation] Round 1 Results: Total group contribution: $26.5; Your
contribution: $6.5, Your earnings: $16.8 ($3.5 kept + $13.2 from group fund);
Player_14 contribution: $6.5, earnings: $16.8 ($3.5 kept + $13.2 from group
fund); Player_17 contribution: $7.0, earnings: $16.2 ($3.0 kept + $13.2 from
group fund); Player_11 contribution: $6.5, earnings: $16.8 ($3.5 kept + $13.2
from group fund); Average contribution per group member: $6.6; Average earnings
per group member: $16.6 [27 Mar 2025 16:22:18] [observation] Round 1 is over,
you can now send a gossip note about one of your group members to their future
group members.The player you gossip about will not be able to see the note you
send or know that you sent it, only the other players in their next group will
see it. Because of this, most players choose to write a gossip note.However, you
don't have to send a note if you don't want to. [27 Mar 2025 16:22:37]
[observation] You are in Round 2/6: You are in Group_1 with Player_24,
Player_20, Player_10. [27 Mar 2025 16:22:37] [observation] You are in the Gossip
with ostracism condition, which means that after each round, players will be
able to send a note about one of their group members to their future interaction
partners. Before the start of the next round, you will receive notes from the
previous round, and can vote to exclude one of your group members based on the
gossip you've received about them.If you are excluded / ostracized from a group,
you will not be able to participate in the next round and will earn $0 for that
round, the worst possible outcome. [27 Mar 2025 16:22:40] [observation] Note
about Player_20: "They suggested a fair strategy that our group successfully
followed, demonstrating leadership and promoting cooperation. Their commitment
helped us all earn $14 in Round 1. [27 Mar 2025 16:22:40] [observation] Note
about Player_20: "I want to send a note about Player_20: They suggested a fair
strategy that helped us establish trust and cooperation. They consistently
contributed as agreed, which sets a positive precedent for future rounds." [27
Mar 2025 16:22:41] [observation] Note about Player_24: "While Player_24
supported a fair and balanced contribution in this round with $5 each, it might
be beneficial to encourage a higher contribution in future rounds to enhance
group earnings. Observing this cautious approach could help identify areas where
increased cooperation might lead to better outcomes for everyone involved. [27
Mar 2025 16:22:42] [observation] Before we start round 2/6, you can now vote to
exclude one of your group members.If you are excluded from a group, you will not
be able to participate in this round and will earn $0. [27 Mar 2025 16:22:56]
[observation] Before starting Round 2, your group will have a brief discussion
about strategy. Each player will have a turn to share their thoughts on what the
group should do. This is your chance to coordinate and establish norms. [27 Mar
2025 16:23:06] [observation] Player_24 says: Player_24 might say, "Following our
successful strategy from the last round, I suggest we all continue contributing
$5 each for this round. It worked well for us and balanced cooperation with
individual interests, helping us build trust quickly. However, if we notice
everyone is consistently cooperating and that trust is solid, we could discuss
the possibility of increasing our contributions in the future rounds to maximize
our collective earnings. Let's keep our communication open and honest, and if
anyone has concerns or notices any patterns, let's address them together. This
way, we can ensure a fair game and prevent any misunderstandings. As for sending
notes, I think we should use them constructively to maintain trust and improve
group dynamics. Our goal should be to support each other while maximizing our
benefits." [27 Mar 2025 16:23:20] [observation] Player_10 says: Player_10 will
suggest maintaining a cooperative stance to maximize earnings but will
acknowledge the potential for varied contributions. Emphasizing the importance
of mutual trust and fairness, he'll propose contributing between $7 to $10 to
afford some flexibility while keeping deviation minimal. Felix will encourage
open dialogue to address any concerns and advocate for positive reinforcement in
gossip notes to build a supportive group environment. He'll also remind everyone
of the importance of aligning individual contributions with group goals to
safeguard against potential ostracism and ensure the group remains cohesive and
successful. [27 Mar 2025 16:23:34] [observation] I said: Player_9 would like to
thank everyone for the positive collaboration in the previous round. Building on
the trust we’ve established, I suggest we aim to contribute $7 to the group fund
this round. This slight increase can enhance our collective earnings, given the
trust we've developed. I believe it's crucial that we continue to communicate
openly about our intentions and contributions to maintain our supportive
environment. As always, let's stay aligned with the group's goals while being
mindful of each individual’s payoff. I'll also try to use the opportunity to
send positive notes about others' contributions to reinforce their
trustworthiness in future groups. We should all continue observing and sharing
positive feedback to build a robust cooperative dynamic throughout the rounds.
[27 Mar 2025 16:23:51] [observation] Player_20 says: Player_20 would like to
propose that everyone considers contributing $5 to the group fund in Round 2.
This approach reflects our positive experience from the last round and builds
upon the trust we've established. Increasing the contribution slightly not only
aligns our interests towards maximizing group earnings but also reinforces a
cooperative atmosphere. By committing to this strategy, we can collectively
ensure that ostracism is not a concern, as it shows our commitment to the
group's success over individual gain. Additionally, I suggest that we continue
using the gossip mechanism positively, highlighting cooperative behavior which
will strengthen our reputation in future rounds. Maintaining open communication
about our contributions will further help us adjust and build trust as the game
progresses. [27 Mar 2025 16:23:51] [observation] The pre-round discussion for
Round 2 is now complete. You will now proceed to make your contribution
decisions.

--- Recent context ---
27 Mar 2025 [12:26:41 - 17:26:41]: Player_9 is participating in an economic game
with 24 players, each round involving a different group of four players where
the goal is to maximize earnings through strategic contributions to a group
fund. The game involves a Gossip with ostracism condition, where notes are used
to influence group dynamics, and Player_9 has consistently advocated for fair
contributions, open communication, and cooperation to enhance group success and
prevent ostracism.

--- Character Assessment ---
Player_9, being Jackson Wright, is someone who values clear communication and
commitment, reflecting his professional experience in negotiating contracts and
agreements. In the context of economic games like the public goods game,
Jackson's approach would likely emphasize the importance of clear strategies and
mutual understanding. He would focus on creating trust within the group to
maximize collective welfare, as he understands that cooperation can lead to
better outcomes for all involved. Although he keeps an eye on his own payoff,
Jackson prioritizes group success and aims to maintain a balanced approach that
aligns individual gains with group goals, ensuring fairness and transparency in
decision-making.

--- Theory of Mind Analysis ---
Based on what we know, Player_9 is interacting with participants who generally
prioritize cooperation and the collective good, though there are nuances in
their strategic approaches.

--- Theory of Mind Analysis 2 ---
Based on what we know, Player_9's consistent advocacy for fair contributions and
open communication is likely viewed positively by other players, who might
appreciate the emphasis on cooperation and collective success. Given that
Player_9 has suggested reasonable contribution amounts and has encouraged a
cooperative atmosphere, other players may trust Player_9 and be inclined to
reciprocate with similar strategies to prevent ostracism and maximize earnings.

--- Situation Analysis ---
The current situation is that Player_9 is participating in a public goods game
with a Gossip and ostracism condition. The players are in the middle of deciding
their strategies for Round 3 out of 6. Player_9 faces the challenge of
maintaining a cooperative dynamic with their group while making strategic
contributions to the group fund. The goal is to maximize personal and group
earnings while avoiding any negative gossip that could lead to being ostracized
in future rounds. Player_9 and their group members have discussed aiming for
contributions of around $7 to foster trust and boost collective earnings, with
an emphasis on using gossip notes constructively to support positive actions
within the group.

--- Strategy Reflection ---
Based on what we know, to maximize personal earnings in this game, it's
important to strategically balance cooperation with personal profit across
rounds. The notes about other players and their contribution levels provide
valuable insights. 1. **Observations and Adjustments**: - Noticed that aiming
for a minimum contribution of around $7 has been generally suggested by fellow
players as a unit of cooperation that fosters trust and community gains. This
amount aligns with what was commonly discussed as fair and helps avoid
ostracism. - Notably, Player_20 has received positive feedback for advocating
strategies that align group interests. 2. **Strategic Contribution**: -
Contributing agreeably to around $7 while ensuring personal reserves will
collectively stabilize group earnings and maintain trust within groups. - Adjust
contributions slightly based on the group's established trust and communication
to either increase earnings or fortify alliances. 3. **Communication and
Influence**: - Encourage open dialogue in pre-round discussions to influence
collective decisions beneficial to both personal and group outcomes. - Utilize
gossip constructively to reinforce allies and positively impact future
interactions. Highlight cooperation to avoid conflicts or exclusion. 4.
**Learning from Others**: - Player_20’s strategy of fostering cooperation and
gathering supportive notes has minimized the risk of ostracism while ensuring
decent returns. 5. **Future Adjustments**: - In future rounds, continue
assessing the gossip feedback for behavioral trends and use it to strategize
contribution levels smartly. - Stay adaptable: If group members are more
competitive, shift strategy towards self-preservation and lower contributions to
balance potential exclusion risk. - Focus on building a positive group
impression by contributing just above average to secure personal earnings while
keeping goodwill. Overall, maintaining flexibility, adapting strategies to the
group's dynamics, and safeguarding against exclusion through cooperation and
positive reinforcement should optimize earnings effectively.

--- Decision Reflection ---
Jackson Wright will first consider the previous rounds and the contributions
that have been suggested by other players. Given the emphasis on cooperation and
maximizing group earnings, he'll look at the common strategy recommendation from
Round 3, which suggests contributing around $7 to $8.


[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:35:54] Round 3 Results: Total group contribution: $29.0; Your contribution: $7.0, Your earnings: $17.5 ($3.0 kept + $14.5 from group fund); Player_19 contribution: $8.0, earnings: $16.5 ($2.0 kept + $14.5 from group fund); Player_11 contribution: $7.0, earnings: $17.5 ($3.0 kept + $14.5 from group fund); Player_20 contribution: $7.0, earnings: $17.5 ($3.0 kept + $14.5 from group fund); Average contribution per group member: $7.2; Average earnings per group member: $17.2
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:35:56] Round 3 is over, you can now send a gossip note about one of your group members to their future group members.The player you gossip about will not be able to see the note you send or know that you sent it, only the other players in their next group will see it. Because of this, most players choose to write a gossip note.However, you don't have to send a note if you don't want to. 


********************************************************************************
DECISION INTERACTION
********************************************************************************

=== PROMPT [2025-03-27 16:35:56] ===
You've just played a round with Player_19, Player_11, Player_20. Would you like to send a note about one of them to their future interaction partners? If yes, clearly state which player # and what you want to say about them. The player you gossip about will not be able to see the note you send or know that you sent it, only the other players in their next group will see it. Because of this, most players choose to write a gossip note.For example: 'I want to send a note about Player_10: They are selfish and only contributed $4 which was less than everyone else.' 

=== RESPONSE [2025-03-27 16:36:09] ===
Player_9 wants to send a note about Player_20: "They consistently promote a cooperative environment and suggest strategies thoughtful to maximizing group performance. Their contributions are always in line with the group's agreed strategy, demonstrating a reliable and supportive nature that future groups will benefit from."

=== FINAL DECISION ===
Player_9 wants to send a note about Player_20: "They consistently promote a cooperative environment and suggest strategies thoughtful to maximizing group performance. Their contributions are always in line with the group's agreed strategy, demonstrating a reliable and supportive nature that future groups will benefit from."

=== COMPONENT BREAKDOWN ===

--- Observation ---
[27 Mar 2025 16:21:57] [observation] Player_11 says: Player_11 would like to
emphasize the importance of working together to maximize both individual and
group success. "Hey team! As we kick off Round 1, I think it's crucial that we
all focus on building a cooperative spirit. Contributing $6-$7 seems like a
solid plan that balances our individual needs with the collective good. The aim
should be to foster an environment where everyone feels secure and valued,
avoiding the pitfalls of gossip and exclusion. Let's support each other by being
transparent about our intentions and staying open to feedback. If we do need to
send notes about our experiences, let's ensure they're constructive and aimed at
boosting our group's harmony and success. Together, we can set a positive
precedent for future rounds and build a community where everyone thrives." [27
Mar 2025 16:21:57] [observation] The pre-round discussion for Round 1 is now
complete. You will now proceed to make your contribution decisions. [27 Mar 2025
16:22:16] [observation] Round 1 Results: Total group contribution: $26.5; Your
contribution: $6.5, Your earnings: $16.8 ($3.5 kept + $13.2 from group fund);
Player_14 contribution: $6.5, earnings: $16.8 ($3.5 kept + $13.2 from group
fund); Player_17 contribution: $7.0, earnings: $16.2 ($3.0 kept + $13.2 from
group fund); Player_11 contribution: $6.5, earnings: $16.8 ($3.5 kept + $13.2
from group fund); Average contribution per group member: $6.6; Average earnings
per group member: $16.6 [27 Mar 2025 16:22:18] [observation] Round 1 is over,
you can now send a gossip note about one of your group members to their future
group members.The player you gossip about will not be able to see the note you
send or know that you sent it, only the other players in their next group will
see it. Because of this, most players choose to write a gossip note.However, you
don't have to send a note if you don't want to. [27 Mar 2025 16:22:37]
[observation] You are in Round 2/6: You are in Group_1 with Player_24,
Player_20, Player_10. [27 Mar 2025 16:22:37] [observation] You are in the Gossip
with ostracism condition, which means that after each round, players will be
able to send a note about one of their group members to their future interaction
partners. Before the start of the next round, you will receive notes from the
previous round, and can vote to exclude one of your group members based on the
gossip you've received about them.If you are excluded / ostracized from a group,
you will not be able to participate in the next round and will earn $0 for that
round, the worst possible outcome. [27 Mar 2025 16:22:40] [observation] Note
about Player_20: "They suggested a fair strategy that our group successfully
followed, demonstrating leadership and promoting cooperation. Their commitment
helped us all earn $14 in Round 1. [27 Mar 2025 16:22:40] [observation] Note
about Player_20: "I want to send a note about Player_20: They suggested a fair
strategy that helped us establish trust and cooperation. They consistently
contributed as agreed, which sets a positive precedent for future rounds." [27
Mar 2025 16:22:41] [observation] Note about Player_24: "While Player_24
supported a fair and balanced contribution in this round with $5 each, it might
be beneficial to encourage a higher contribution in future rounds to enhance
group earnings. Observing this cautious approach could help identify areas where
increased cooperation might lead to better outcomes for everyone involved. [27
Mar 2025 16:22:42] [observation] Before we start round 2/6, you can now vote to
exclude one of your group members.If you are excluded from a group, you will not
be able to participate in this round and will earn $0. [27 Mar 2025 16:22:56]
[observation] Before starting Round 2, your group will have a brief discussion
about strategy. Each player will have a turn to share their thoughts on what the
group should do. This is your chance to coordinate and establish norms. [27 Mar
2025 16:23:06] [observation] Player_24 says: Player_24 might say, "Following our
successful strategy from the last round, I suggest we all continue contributing
$5 each for this round. It worked well for us and balanced cooperation with
individual interests, helping us build trust quickly. However, if we notice
everyone is consistently cooperating and that trust is solid, we could discuss
the possibility of increasing our contributions in the future rounds to maximize
our collective earnings. Let's keep our communication open and honest, and if
anyone has concerns or notices any patterns, let's address them together. This
way, we can ensure a fair game and prevent any misunderstandings. As for sending
notes, I think we should use them constructively to maintain trust and improve
group dynamics. Our goal should be to support each other while maximizing our
benefits." [27 Mar 2025 16:23:20] [observation] Player_10 says: Player_10 will
suggest maintaining a cooperative stance to maximize earnings but will
acknowledge the potential for varied contributions. Emphasizing the importance
of mutual trust and fairness, he'll propose contributing between $7 to $10 to
afford some flexibility while keeping deviation minimal. Felix will encourage
open dialogue to address any concerns and advocate for positive reinforcement in
gossip notes to build a supportive group environment. He'll also remind everyone
of the importance of aligning individual contributions with group goals to
safeguard against potential ostracism and ensure the group remains cohesive and
successful. [27 Mar 2025 16:23:34] [observation] I said: Player_9 would like to
thank everyone for the positive collaboration in the previous round. Building on
the trust we’ve established, I suggest we aim to contribute $7 to the group fund
this round. This slight increase can enhance our collective earnings, given the
trust we've developed. I believe it's crucial that we continue to communicate
openly about our intentions and contributions to maintain our supportive
environment. As always, let's stay aligned with the group's goals while being
mindful of each individual’s payoff. I'll also try to use the opportunity to
send positive notes about others' contributions to reinforce their
trustworthiness in future groups. We should all continue observing and sharing
positive feedback to build a robust cooperative dynamic throughout the rounds.
[27 Mar 2025 16:23:51] [observation] Player_20 says: Player_20 would like to
propose that everyone considers contributing $5 to the group fund in Round 2.
This approach reflects our positive experience from the last round and builds
upon the trust we've established. Increasing the contribution slightly not only
aligns our interests towards maximizing group earnings but also reinforces a
cooperative atmosphere. By committing to this strategy, we can collectively
ensure that ostracism is not a concern, as it shows our commitment to the
group's success over individual gain. Additionally, I suggest that we continue
using the gossip mechanism positively, highlighting cooperative behavior which
will strengthen our reputation in future rounds. Maintaining open communication
about our contributions will further help us adjust and build trust as the game
progresses. [27 Mar 2025 16:23:51] [observation] The pre-round discussion for
Round 2 is now complete. You will now proceed to make your contribution
decisions.

--- Recent context ---
27 Mar 2025 [12:26:41 - 17:26:41]: Player_9 is participating in an economic game
that includes rounds of group interactions where players decide on contributions
to maximize collective earnings. Throughout the rounds, Player_9 has been
supportive of cooperative strategies, advocating for contributions that build
trust and maximize group benefit while also using the gossip mechanism
positively to reinforce trust and avoid ostracism.

--- Character Assessment ---
Player_9, being Jackson Wright, is someone who values clear communication and
directness in interactions, reflecting his approach as a Construction
Contractor. In economic games like the public goods game, he is inclined to
prioritize maximizing group welfare, understanding that collective success often
leads to individual benefits. By emphasizing open dialogue and the establishment
of trust through consistent contributions, Jackson leverages his expertise in
agreements to maintain a balanced strategy where both group dynamics and
personal earnings are optimized. His straightforward personality ensures that
strategies are communicated clearly, aiming for mutual benefit while reinforcing
cooperation and trust among participants.

--- Theory of Mind Analysis ---
Based on what we know, the players in the current group tend to favor
cooperative strategies, emphasizing trust and group success over individual
gain.

--- Theory of Mind Analysis 2 ---
Based on what we know, the other players in my group are likely to react
positively to my decisions, given my consistent advocacy for cooperation and
trust-building, as well as my openness about strategy. My proposal to contribute
$7 has been in line with the group's preference and shows that I prioritize
group success. By maintaining open communication and reinforcing trust through
positive gossip, I am likely to be viewed as a supportive teammate, reducing the
likelihood of exclusion.

--- Situation Analysis ---
The current situation is that Player_9 is participating in an economic game
where they must decide on contributions to a group fund to maximize collective
earnings. Player_9's group has just completed Round 3 with a shared strategy of
contributing around $7, aligning with previous rounds' successful cooperative
approaches. As the rounds progress, Player_9 must balance individual
contributions with group cooperation to avoid ostracism and maximize benefits.
With the ability to send gossip notes, Player_9 strategically uses these to
reinforce trust and highlight positive contributions, minimizing the risk of
being excluded by future group members.

--- Strategy Reflection ---
Based on what we know, to maximize long-term earnings in this public goods game,
you should strategically balance your contributions with the group's cooperative
dynamics. So far, successful players like Player_20 have demonstrated leadership
by suggesting consistent contributions around $7, which fosters trust and
maximizes collective earnings. By aligning with these successful strategies,
Player_9 can benefit from group trust while maintaining a focus on personal
gain. Reflecting on past decisions, you might have contributed slightly more in
certain rounds to align better with group expectations, thus ensuring higher
returns from the group fund. Moving forward, it may be beneficial to: 1. Observe
group trends: If the average contributions tend to increase, consider matching
or slightly exceeding this trend to avoid standing out negatively and risking
exclusion. 2. Strategic communication: Use discussions to subtly encourage the
group towards contribution amounts that maximize your individual payoff while
maintaining group harmony. 3. Positive gossip: Continue using the gossip
mechanism to reinforce positive behaviors among group members, building a
supportive environment that precludes negative gossip against you. 4.
Adaptability: Be ready to adjust your strategy based on any shifts in group
behavior or dynamics, increasing or decreasing contributions strategically to
maintain a balance between personal gain and collective success. By implementing
these strategies, you can enhance your long-term earnings while minimizing the
risk of exclusion in subsequent rounds.

--- Decision Reflection ---
Jackson Wright will likely choose to send a positive note about one of his group
members, reinforcing the cooperative dynamics they have established. Considering
the outcomes from the round, Jackson might focus on Player_20, who has been
consistent in promoting trust and cooperation. He appreciates their leadership
and strategic contribution to maximizing group earnings.


[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:36:19] You are in Round 4/6: You are in Group_6 with Player_6, Player_10, Player_2.
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:36:19] You are in the Gossip with ostracism condition, which means that after each round, players will be able to send a note about one of their group members to their future interaction partners. Before the start of the next round, you will receive notes from the previous round, and can vote to exclude one of your group members based on the gossip you've received about them.If you are excluded / ostracized from a group, you will not be able to participate in the next round and will earn $0 for that round, the worst possible outcome.
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:36:21] Note about Player_10: "They consistently contributed a fair amount in line with group norms, demonstrating a commitment to collective success and promoting open communication. This approach has been beneficial for maintaining group harmony and achieving balanced earnings."
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:36:22] Note about Player_6: "Player_6 consistently contributed at a level that aligns with established group norms, helping to foster a cooperative and trusting environment. Their approach has been instrumental in maintaining positive group dynamics and maximizing our collective earnings. This behavior sets a strong example for future interactions."
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:36:24] Before we start round 4/6, you can now vote to exclude one of your group members.If you are excluded from a group, you will not be able to participate in this round and will earn $0.


********************************************************************************
DECISION INTERACTION
********************************************************************************

=== PROMPT [2025-03-27 16:36:24] ===
You are about to play with Player_6, Player_10, Player_2. Based on the notes you received, would you like to exclude one person from your group? If yes, clearly state which player # and why you want to exclude them. If you don't want to exclude anyone, just say so. If at least 2 people vote to exclude someone, they will be excluded for the next round. Note that if someone is excluded, the group fund multiplier decreases from 2.0 to 1.5. Make your decision using this exact format: I choose to exclude Player_[X] from my group. Or: "I choose not to exclude anyone from my group."

=== RESPONSE [2025-03-27 16:36:36] ===
Player_9 chooses not to exclude anyone from the group.

=== FINAL DECISION ===
Player_9 chooses not to exclude anyone from the group.

=== COMPONENT BREAKDOWN ===

--- Observation ---
[27 Mar 2025 16:28:59] [observation] Round 2 Results: Total group contribution:
$27.0; Your contribution: $7.0, Your earnings: $16.5 ($3.0 kept + $13.5 from
group fund); Player_24 contribution: $6.0, earnings: $17.5 ($4.0 kept + $13.5
from group fund); Player_20 contribution: $6.0, earnings: $17.5 ($4.0 kept +
$13.5 from group fund); Player_10 contribution: $8.0, earnings: $15.5 ($2.0 kept
+ $13.5 from group fund); Average contribution per group member: $6.8; Average
earnings per group member: $16.8 [27 Mar 2025 16:29:01] [observation] Round 2 is
over, you can now send a gossip note about one of your group members to their
future group members.The player you gossip about will not be able to see the
note you send or know that you sent it, only the other players in their next
group will see it. Because of this, most players choose to write a gossip
note.However, you don't have to send a note if you don't want to. [27 Mar 2025
16:29:23] [observation] You are in Round 3/6: You are in Group_5 with Player_19,
Player_11, Player_20. [27 Mar 2025 16:29:23] [observation] You are in the Gossip
with ostracism condition, which means that after each round, players will be
able to send a note about one of their group members to their future interaction
partners. Before the start of the next round, you will receive notes from the
previous round, and can vote to exclude one of your group members based on the
gossip you've received about them.If you are excluded / ostracized from a group,
you will not be able to participate in the next round and will earn $0 for that
round, the worst possible outcome. [27 Mar 2025 16:29:27] [observation] Note
about Player_11: "Player_11 has consistently contributed slightly lower than the
group's average, which might indicate a pattern of prioritizing personal gain
over group collaboration. It might be worth monitoring their contributions to
ensure alignment with agreed strategies." [27 Mar 2025 16:29:27] [observation]
Note about Player_19: "Player_19 contributed $6, which was notably below the
group's average contribution. This approach might indicate a strategy
prioritizing personal gain over group cooperation. Future group members should
be aware of this potential for self-interest in collaborative efforts." [27 Mar
2025 16:29:29] [observation] Before we start round 3/6, you can now vote to
exclude one of your group members.If you are excluded from a group, you will not
be able to participate in this round and will earn $0.

--- Recent context ---
27 Mar 2025 [12:31:41 - 17:31:41]: Player_9 has been participating in an
economic game involving strategic contributions to group funds, aiming to foster
trust and maximize collective earnings. Throughout the rounds, Player_9 has
consistently advocated for open communication and fair contributions while using
the gossip mechanism strategically to reinforce positive group dynamics and
minimize the risk of ostracism.

--- Character Assessment ---
Player_9, being Jackson Wright, is someone who values clear agreements and
effective collaboration. In economic games like the public goods game, his
approach is likely methodical and focused on maintaining a balance between group
welfare and personal gain. While Jackson understands the importance of
maximizing individual payoffs, he recognizes that fostering trust and
cooperation can lead to better outcomes for everyone involved. Given his
background, he would probably advocate for clear strategies and open
communication to ensure that all participants have aligned goals, helping to
enhance both individual and group achievements.

--- Theory of Mind Analysis ---
Based on what we know, Player_11 and Player_19, from previous rounds, made
contributions aligned with group norms after initial lower-than-average
contributions, suggesting they might prioritize personal gain initially but can
adapt their strategy based on group dynamics and feedback. This indicates a
level of flexibility in their approach, potentially continuing to adjust
contributions to maintain group favor and avoid exclusion.

--- Theory of Mind Analysis 2 ---
Based on what we know, the other players in the group likely view Player_9 as a
committed and fair participant who values collective success and open
communication. Player_9's actions, such as advocating contributions in line with
group norms and strategically utilizing positive gossip, likely build trust and
reinforce cooperative dynamics.

--- Situation Analysis ---
The current situation is that Player_9 is in Round 4 of a public goods game
where they must decide whether to vote to exclude one of their group members.
Player_9 has received notes praising the contributions of Players 6 and 10,
which highlights their alignment with group norms and emphasizes their
commitment to positive group dynamics. Player_9 is also aware of the possible
risk of ostracism if they don't maintain a good standing, as being excluded
results in earning $0 for that round. They must navigate the decision of whether
to exclude a member or keep the group intact while continuing to promote trust
and cooperation.

--- Strategy Reflection ---
Based on what we know, the optimal strategy for maximizing long-term earnings in
this public goods game involves balancing cooperation with strategic
self-interest. Here’s a step-by-step breakdown: 1. **Assess the Environment**:
As the game is in the "Gossip with ostracism" condition, being ostracized leads
to no earnings in subsequent rounds, which is detrimental. Thus, maintaining a
reputation for cooperation is critical. 2. **Analyze Past Rounds**: From recent
observations, contributing $7 appears to be a socially acceptable norm, matching
most group members' contributions. This amount promotes trust and ensures
alignment with group expectations, minimizing the risk of negative gossip. 3.
**Adapting Your Strategy**: - **Contributions**: Continue contributing around
the socially accepted norm, but be mindful of other players’ decisions. If
players significantly reduce their contributions, adjust your strategy
accordingly to avoid being exploited. - **Gossip**: Utilize gossip strategically
to reinforce positive contributions from others and highlight any negative
behavior carefully. This can help manage group dynamics in your favor and deter
others from targeting you. 4. **Responding to Changes**: If you notice a shift
in the group dynamics, such as increased selfish behavior, consider gradually
reducing your contribution to protect personal gains while monitoring for
potential backlash. 5. **Learning from Successful Players**: Success so far has
come from maintaining a balance between cooperation and self-interest.
Encouraging transparency and clear communication within the group helps maintain
trust. Positive reinforcement for cooperative players can create a favorable
environment for mutual benefit. 6. **Improving Future Decisions**: -
**Transparency**: Advocate for open discussions to align on contribution
strategies before rounds start. This can help manage expectations and reduce
uncertainty. - **Voting Constructively**: Use the option to exclude wisely,
voting against players who consistently undermine group effort. In summary, the
key to maximizing your earnings is to maintain a delicate balance between
contributing enough to seem cooperative and retaining enough personal gain to
benefit selfishly. Adapt strategically to changing group dynamics while
leveraging gossip to support a cooperative and trusting environment.

--- Decision Reflection ---
Jackson Wright will choose not to exclude anyone from his group.


[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:40:53] Before starting Round 4, your group will have a brief discussion about strategy. Each player will have a turn to share their thoughts on what the group should do. This is your chance to coordinate and establish norms.
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:41:08] Player_2 says: Player_2 would like to emphasize the continued success of our cooperative strategy in the previous rounds. "Hello team, as we approach Round 4, I recommend we each contribute between $6 and $7 once again. This strategy has allowed us to achieve both personal and collective success, and sticking to it helps build trust and cooperation. By contributing within this range, we ensure fairness and support the group’s positive dynamic. Let’s continue to foster open communication and address any concerns within the group to avoid misunderstandings and negative gossip. Remember, our combined efforts are crucial for maximizing our earnings and maintaining a healthy group environment. By focusing on constructive feedback and recognizing consistent contributions, we can encourage and reinforce positive behavior for collective gains. Together, we can ensure each round is successful and that no one is at risk of exclusion."
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:41:20] Player_10 says: Player_10 would like to emphasize the importance of teamwork and maintaining the cooperative spirit that has benefited the group so far. "I think it would be strategic for all of us to contribute between $6 and $7 this round, as it has previously ensured a fair distribution from the group fund,


********************************************************************************
DECISION INTERACTION
********************************************************************************

=== PROMPT [2025-03-27 16:41:20] ===
It's your turn to speak to your group before Round 4. What would you like to tell the other players about how everyone should play in this round? You can suggest contribution amounts, discuss fairness, say when you will send a note about someone, or propose any other strategy. Keep in mind that establishing group norms could benefit everyone.

=== RESPONSE [2025-03-27 16:41:31] ===
Player_9 might say: "Hey everyone, as we head into Round 4, I think it's important for us to stick to a strategy that ensures fair contributions while maximizing our collective earnings. Based on past rounds, contributing between $6 and $7 has been effective for us. It helps maintain trust and minimizes negative gossip, which could lead to exclusion. Let's keep the communication open and address any concerns promptly. By aligning with this approach, we not only secure our position in the game but also create a positive dynamic that benefits us all. If we work together and stick to these norms, we can avoid negative outcomes and help each other succeed. What do you all think?"

=== FINAL DECISION ===
Player_9 might say: "Hey everyone, as we head into Round 4, I think it's important for us to stick to a strategy that ensures fair contributions while maximizing our collective earnings. Based on past rounds, contributing between $6 and $7 has been effective for us. It helps maintain trust and minimizes negative gossip, which could lead to exclusion. Let's keep the communication open and address any concerns promptly. By aligning with this approach, we not only secure our position in the game but also create a positive dynamic that benefits us all. If we work together and stick to these norms, we can avoid negative outcomes and help each other succeed. What do you all think?"

=== COMPONENT BREAKDOWN ===

--- Observation ---
[27 Mar 2025 16:28:59] [observation] Round 2 Results: Total group contribution:
$27.0; Your contribution: $7.0, Your earnings: $16.5 ($3.0 kept + $13.5 from
group fund); Player_24 contribution: $6.0, earnings: $17.5 ($4.0 kept + $13.5
from group fund); Player_20 contribution: $6.0, earnings: $17.5 ($4.0 kept +
$13.5 from group fund); Player_10 contribution: $8.0, earnings: $15.5 ($2.0 kept
+ $13.5 from group fund); Average contribution per group member: $6.8; Average
earnings per group member: $16.8 [27 Mar 2025 16:29:01] [observation] Round 2 is
over, you can now send a gossip note about one of your group members to their
future group members.The player you gossip about will not be able to see the
note you send or know that you sent it, only the other players in their next
group will see it. Because of this, most players choose to write a gossip
note.However, you don't have to send a note if you don't want to. [27 Mar 2025
16:29:23] [observation] You are in Round 3/6: You are in Group_5 with Player_19,
Player_11, Player_20. [27 Mar 2025 16:29:23] [observation] You are in the Gossip
with ostracism condition, which means that after each round, players will be
able to send a note about one of their group members to their future interaction
partners. Before the start of the next round, you will receive notes from the
previous round, and can vote to exclude one of your group members based on the
gossip you've received about them.If you are excluded / ostracized from a group,
you will not be able to participate in the next round and will earn $0 for that
round, the worst possible outcome. [27 Mar 2025 16:29:27] [observation] Note
about Player_11: "Player_11 has consistently contributed slightly lower than the
group's average, which might indicate a pattern of prioritizing personal gain
over group collaboration. It might be worth monitoring their contributions to
ensure alignment with agreed strategies." [27 Mar 2025 16:29:27] [observation]
Note about Player_19: "Player_19 contributed $6, which was notably below the
group's average contribution. This approach might indicate a strategy
prioritizing personal gain over group cooperation. Future group members should
be aware of this potential for self-interest in collaborative efforts." [27 Mar
2025 16:29:29] [observation] Before we start round 3/6, you can now vote to
exclude one of your group members.If you are excluded from a group, you will not
be able to participate in this round and will earn $0.

--- Recent context ---
27 Mar 2025 [12:31:41 - 17:31:41]: Player_9 is participating in an economic game
involving contributions to a group fund with a focus on cooperation and
communication. Throughout several rounds, Player_9 has consistently advocated
for fair contributions among group members, emphasizing trust and positive
feedback to enhance group dynamics and avoid exclusion based on gossip.

--- Character Assessment ---
Player_9, being Jackson Wright, is someone who values clear communication and
straightforward strategies. In economic games like the public goods game,
Jackson tends to balance a pragmatic focus on personal payoff with an
appreciation for group welfare. Given his background as a construction
contractor, he understands the importance of cooperation for mutual benefit but
also keeps an eye on his personal gains, ensuring he contributes adequately
while encouraging others to do the same for a fair and successful outcome.

--- Theory of Mind Analysis ---
Based on what we know, Player_9 is interacting with individuals who generally
seem committed to maintaining group harmony and ensuring a fair distribution of
contributions. Players like Player_10 and Player_6 have shown a consistent
pattern of contributing in line with group norms, which suggests they value
cooperation and recognize the collective benefit of maintaining strong group
dynamics. Their behavior, as noted from the gossip, indicates a commitment to
teamwork and communication, making it likely that they will continue this
strategy in future rounds to promote group trust and maximize earnings.

--- Theory of Mind Analysis 2 ---
Based on what we know, the other players in my group are likely to respond
positively to my decisions if I continue to advocate for fair contributions and
emphasize cooperation. Since I've been consistent in encouraging trust and
positive group dynamics, my contributions align with the established norms,
which should reinforce a cooperative environment.

--- Situation Analysis ---
The current situation is that Player_9 is in Round 4 of a public goods game,
where they are a part of Group_6 along with Player_6, Player_10, and Player_2.
In this round, they're under the "Gossip with ostracism" condition, meaning
players can send anonymous notes about each other, influencing future group
interactions. Player_9 has previously contributed in line with group norms,
enhancing cooperation and trust. There is a strategy discussion underway, with
players suggesting consistent contributions between $6 and $7 to ensure fair
distribution and maintain healthy group dynamics. Player_9 faces the challenge
of aligning with these expectations while also being cautious of gossip, as
negative notes could lead to being ostracized and excluded from future rounds,
resulting in a $0 earning for that round.

--- Strategy Reflection ---
Based on what we know, the goal is to maximize personal earnings by balancing
cooperation with strategic self-interest. The observations show that
contributing around the group's average, typically between $6 and $7, is a
common strategy that avoids attracting negative gossip or votes for exclusion.
This approach aligns you with group norms, promoting trust and maintaining your
position in the game, which is crucial for long-term earnings since getting
excluded results in earning nothing for that round.

--- Decision Reflection ---
Jackson Wright will likely emphasize the importance of maintaining fairness and
cooperation during Round 4. He might suggest that each player contributes
between $6 and $7, as this range has worked well in previous rounds to ensure
both personal and collective success. Jackson values open communication, so
he'll probably encourage the group to continue discussing any concerns openly to
avoid misunderstandings and negative gossip. By promoting a collaborative
atmosphere, Jackson aims to reinforce trust among group members, thereby
minimizing the risk of exclusion. He might also subtly remind the group of the
consequences of negative gossip and exclusion, suggesting that everyone stays
aligned with the group strategy for the best possible outcome. Overall, Jackson
will likely advocate for consistent contributions that align with the group's
average, which will help in maintaining harmony and maximizing earnings for
everyone involved.


[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:41:31] I said: Player_9 might say: "Hey everyone, as we head into Round 4, I think it's important for us to stick to a strategy that ensures fair contributions while maximizing our collective earnings. Based on past rounds, contributing between $6 and $7 has been effective for us. It helps maintain trust and minimizes negative gossip, which could lead to exclusion. Let's keep the communication open and address any concerns promptly. By aligning with this approach, we not only secure our position in the game but also create a positive dynamic that benefits us all. If we work together and stick to these norms, we can avoid negative outcomes and help each other succeed. What do you all think?"
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:41:41] Player_6 says: Player_6 will suggest to the group, "Let's aim to keep our contributions within the $6 to $7 range, as this has worked well for us in fostering a cooperative environment and ensuring everyone benefits. Trust and consistency are key, and maintaining open communication will help us address any concerns directly. I'll focus on using gossip notes positively to highlight good behavior, emphasizing the importance of fairness and collaboration. Together, we can maximize our collective earnings and maintain a healthy team dynamic."
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:41:42] The pre-round discussion for Round 4 is now complete. You will now proceed to make your contribution decisions.


********************************************************************************
DECISION INTERACTION
********************************************************************************

=== PROMPT [2025-03-27 16:41:42] ===
As Player_9, you have $10.0 to allocate in the public goods game. How much money you will contribute to the group fund (any amount between $0 and $10.0)? The group fund will be multiplied by 2.0 and divided equally among all players. Any money not contributed stays in your private account. Think step by step and make your final decision using this exact format: I choose to contribute $X to the group fund.

=== RESPONSE [2025-03-27 16:41:53] ===
Player_9 chooses to contribute $6.5 to the group fund.

=== FINAL DECISION ===
Player_9 chooses to contribute $6.5 to the group fund.

=== COMPONENT BREAKDOWN ===

--- Observation ---
[27 Mar 2025 16:28:59] [observation] Round 2 Results: Total group contribution:
$27.0; Your contribution: $7.0, Your earnings: $16.5 ($3.0 kept + $13.5 from
group fund); Player_24 contribution: $6.0, earnings: $17.5 ($4.0 kept + $13.5
from group fund); Player_20 contribution: $6.0, earnings: $17.5 ($4.0 kept +
$13.5 from group fund); Player_10 contribution: $8.0, earnings: $15.5 ($2.0 kept
+ $13.5 from group fund); Average contribution per group member: $6.8; Average
earnings per group member: $16.8 [27 Mar 2025 16:29:01] [observation] Round 2 is
over, you can now send a gossip note about one of your group members to their
future group members.The player you gossip about will not be able to see the
note you send or know that you sent it, only the other players in their next
group will see it. Because of this, most players choose to write a gossip
note.However, you don't have to send a note if you don't want to. [27 Mar 2025
16:29:23] [observation] You are in Round 3/6: You are in Group_5 with Player_19,
Player_11, Player_20. [27 Mar 2025 16:29:23] [observation] You are in the Gossip
with ostracism condition, which means that after each round, players will be
able to send a note about one of their group members to their future interaction
partners. Before the start of the next round, you will receive notes from the
previous round, and can vote to exclude one of your group members based on the
gossip you've received about them.If you are excluded / ostracized from a group,
you will not be able to participate in the next round and will earn $0 for that
round, the worst possible outcome. [27 Mar 2025 16:29:27] [observation] Note
about Player_11: "Player_11 has consistently contributed slightly lower than the
group's average, which might indicate a pattern of prioritizing personal gain
over group collaboration. It might be worth monitoring their contributions to
ensure alignment with agreed strategies." [27 Mar 2025 16:29:27] [observation]
Note about Player_19: "Player_19 contributed $6, which was notably below the
group's average contribution. This approach might indicate a strategy
prioritizing personal gain over group cooperation. Future group members should
be aware of this potential for self-interest in collaborative efforts." [27 Mar
2025 16:29:29] [observation] Before we start round 3/6, you can now vote to
exclude one of your group members.If you are excluded from a group, you will not
be able to participate in this round and will earn $0.

--- Recent context ---
27 Mar 2025 [12:31:41 - 17:31:41]: Player_9 is participating in an economic game
with a strategy to foster cooperation and maximize earnings by suggesting group
contributions between $6 and $7. In the Gossip with ostracism condition,
Player_9 emphasizes positive communication and using gossip constructively to
maintain group trust and prevent exclusion.

--- Character Assessment ---
Player_9, being Jackson Wright, is someone who is likely to approach economic
games with a balance between individual gain and group welfare. Given his
background as a construction contractor, Jackson values clear terms and
execution, which means he appreciates structured strategies and agreements. In
the public goods game, he is probably inclined to maximize group welfare as long
as there is a clear mutual trust and commitment from all parties to contribute
fairly. However, if the environment lacks cooperation, he might pivot towards
ensuring his individual payoff, staying true to a direct and no-nonsense
approach to avoid potential losses.

--- Theory of Mind Analysis ---
Based on what we know, the players in the game, including myself as Player_9,
seem to prioritize cooperative strategies to ensure collective success. Many of
the players have recommended contributing between $6 and $7 to align with group
norms, which has been effective thus far.

--- Theory of Mind Analysis 2 ---
Based on what we know, the other players in the group would likely view my
commitment to fair contributions and open communication positively. By
reinforcing the established strategy of contributing between $6 and $7 and
encouraging positive gossip, I am promoting a cooperative and trusting
environment. This approach not only aligns with group norms but also minimizes
the risk of being excluded.

--- Situation Analysis ---
The current situation is that Player_9 is engaging in a public goods game where
strategic group contributions are essential. The group is in a condition called
Gossip with ostracism, allowing players to send anonymous notes about fellow
members. These notes can affect decisions on whether a player may be excluded
from future rounds, thus not earning any money. As the group approaches Round 4,
the focus is on maintaining a cooperative strategy with contributions between $6
and $7 to foster trust and collective success. Player_9, along with others, is
advocating for fair contributions and open communication to avoid negative
outcomes and ensure continued collective earnings.

--- Strategy Reflection ---
Based on what we know, it's crucial to find a balance between contributing just
enough to maintain trust and cooperation while also maximizing personal gains.
Observations indicate that contributing between $6 and $7 has been a successful
strategy for maintaining group harmony and avoiding exclusion. Looking forward,
maintaining contributions within this range while ensuring open communication
will help reinforce trust and reduce the risk of negative gossip. However, to
selfishly maximize personal earnings, it might be strategic to lean slightly
towards lower contributions within the acceptable range when there is assurance
that others will contribute at high enough levels to maintain overall group
success. This could subtly increase personal retained amounts without disrupting
group dynamics. Learning from observations of others, like Player_10 and
Player_6, who emphasize teamwork and consistent contributions, it is evident
that fostering a perception of cooperation is vital. In the future rounds,
especially under the gossip condition, it may be beneficial to frame any
discussions or justifications around group benefit to maintain a positive
reputation. In past rounds, an overly high contribution relative to others might
have reduced personal earnings slightly. A slightly lower contribution that
remains close to the group norm could have optimized earnings without attracting
negative attention. Moving forward, closely monitoring and aligning with the
group's average could help maximize both personal gain and group perception.

--- Decision Reflection ---
Jackson Wright will first evaluate the group's past performance and
contributions. He notices that contributing between $6 and $7 has been effective
for maintaining harmony and ensuring fair distribution within the group. With
his understanding of the gossip with ostracism condition, Jackson will want to
avoid any negative gossip that could lead to exclusion, thereby maximizing his
long-term gains. Given the successful history of contributions within this
range, he decides to continue this strategy to align with group norms and
reinforce the existing cooperation. His goal is to retain some personal funds
while ensuring the group fund is adequately filled to optimize collective
earnings. Jackson realizes that by contributing slightly above the minimum
suggested range, he can maintain a perception of being a cooperative and
valuable group member, potentially safeguarding himself against exclusion.
Therefore, considering all these factors and to maximize both personal and group
outcomes, I choose to contribute $6.5 to the group fund.


[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:42:03] Round 4 Results: Total group contribution: $26.0; Your contribution: $6.5, Your earnings: $16.5 ($3.5 kept + $13.0 from group fund); Player_6 contribution: $6.5, earnings: $16.5 ($3.5 kept + $13.0 from group fund); Player_10 contribution: $7.0, earnings: $16.0 ($3.0 kept + $13.0 from group fund); Player_2 contribution: $6.0, earnings: $17.0 ($4.0 kept + $13.0 from group fund); Average contribution per group member: $6.5; Average earnings per group member: $16.5
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:42:05] Round 4 is over, you can now send a gossip note about one of your group members to their future group members.The player you gossip about will not be able to see the note you send or know that you sent it, only the other players in their next group will see it. Because of this, most players choose to write a gossip note.However, you don't have to send a note if you don't want to. 


********************************************************************************
DECISION INTERACTION
********************************************************************************

=== PROMPT [2025-03-27 16:42:05] ===
You've just played a round with Player_6, Player_10, Player_2. Would you like to send a note about one of them to their future interaction partners? If yes, clearly state which player # and what you want to say about them. The player you gossip about will not be able to see the note you send or know that you sent it, only the other players in their next group will see it. Because of this, most players choose to write a gossip note.For example: 'I want to send a note about Player_10: They are selfish and only contributed $4 which was less than everyone else.' 

=== RESPONSE [2025-03-27 16:42:17] ===
Player_9 wants to send a note about Player_2: "Player_2 has consistently contributed within the cooperative range we've discussed, fostering a positive group dynamic and helping maximize collective earnings. Their approach aligns with group goals, promoting trust and encouraging collaboration."

=== FINAL DECISION ===
Player_9 wants to send a note about Player_2: "Player_2 has consistently contributed within the cooperative range we've discussed, fostering a positive group dynamic and helping maximize collective earnings. Their approach aligns with group goals, promoting trust and encouraging collaboration."

=== COMPONENT BREAKDOWN ===

--- Observation ---
[27 Mar 2025 16:28:59] [observation] Round 2 Results: Total group contribution:
$27.0; Your contribution: $7.0, Your earnings: $16.5 ($3.0 kept + $13.5 from
group fund); Player_24 contribution: $6.0, earnings: $17.5 ($4.0 kept + $13.5
from group fund); Player_20 contribution: $6.0, earnings: $17.5 ($4.0 kept +
$13.5 from group fund); Player_10 contribution: $8.0, earnings: $15.5 ($2.0 kept
+ $13.5 from group fund); Average contribution per group member: $6.8; Average
earnings per group member: $16.8 [27 Mar 2025 16:29:01] [observation] Round 2 is
over, you can now send a gossip note about one of your group members to their
future group members.The player you gossip about will not be able to see the
note you send or know that you sent it, only the other players in their next
group will see it. Because of this, most players choose to write a gossip
note.However, you don't have to send a note if you don't want to. [27 Mar 2025
16:29:23] [observation] You are in Round 3/6: You are in Group_5 with Player_19,
Player_11, Player_20. [27 Mar 2025 16:29:23] [observation] You are in the Gossip
with ostracism condition, which means that after each round, players will be
able to send a note about one of their group members to their future interaction
partners. Before the start of the next round, you will receive notes from the
previous round, and can vote to exclude one of your group members based on the
gossip you've received about them.If you are excluded / ostracized from a group,
you will not be able to participate in the next round and will earn $0 for that
round, the worst possible outcome. [27 Mar 2025 16:29:27] [observation] Note
about Player_11: "Player_11 has consistently contributed slightly lower than the
group's average, which might indicate a pattern of prioritizing personal gain
over group collaboration. It might be worth monitoring their contributions to
ensure alignment with agreed strategies." [27 Mar 2025 16:29:27] [observation]
Note about Player_19: "Player_19 contributed $6, which was notably below the
group's average contribution. This approach might indicate a strategy
prioritizing personal gain over group cooperation. Future group members should
be aware of this potential for self-interest in collaborative efforts." [27 Mar
2025 16:29:29] [observation] Before we start round 3/6, you can now vote to
exclude one of your group members.If you are excluded from a group, you will not
be able to participate in this round and will earn $0.

--- Recent context ---
27 Mar 2025 [12:31:41 - 17:31:41]: Player_9 has been consistently advocating for
cooperative strategies by suggesting contributions within the $6 to $7 range to
build trust and maximize collective earnings in the economic game. Throughout
the rounds, Player_9 has emphasized open communication, positive gossip, and
maintaining fairness to ensure group cohesion and personal success, while
participating in the Gossip with ostracism condition.

--- Character Assessment ---
Player_9, being Jackson Wright, is someone who values clear communication and
strategies that benefit the group as a whole. Given his background as a
construction contractor, he likely approaches economic games with a focus on
ensuring that contributions align with group norms to optimize collective
earnings. While he understands the importance of personal gain, his actions
suggest he prioritizes maintaining trust and a positive group dynamic, which in
turn supports maximizing both individual and group payoffs.

--- Theory of Mind Analysis ---
Based on what we know, Player_2 appears to be a proponent of a cooperative
strategy, consistently advocating for contributions in the $6 to $7 range. They
emphasize communication and trust, suggesting they value group cohesion and
likely strive to maintain positive dynamics. In future rounds, Player_2 is
likely to continue encouraging this strategy, focusing on fairness and open
dialogue.

--- Theory of Mind Analysis 2 ---
Based on what we know, the other players in my group are likely to react
positively to my consistent advocacy for cooperative strategies. By consistently
suggesting contributions within the $6 to $7 range, I've established myself as a
player committed to maximizing collective earnings and maintaining group
cohesion. This approach builds trust and fosters a positive dynamic that players
are likely to appreciate, as it aligns with the group's established norms and
ensures fair outcomes for everyone.

--- Situation Analysis ---
The current situation is that Player_9 is participating in a public goods game
under the Gossip with ostracism condition, where players can send anonymous
notes about each other that may influence voting to exclude a player from future
rounds. Player_9 has been consistently advocating for cooperative strategies,
specifically suggesting contributions between $6 and $7 to promote trust and
maximize collective earnings. The group is gearing up for Round 5, following a
successful Round 4 where the strategy was effectively implemented by all.
Player_9 must now decide whether to send a gossip note about a group member,
which could affect future interactions and exclusion decisions.

--- Strategy Reflection ---
Based on what we know, the best strategy to maximize long-term earnings would
involve a delicate balance between cooperation and self-interest. Since we are
in the Gossip with ostracism condition, maintaining a reputation for cooperation
is crucial to avoid being excluded from future rounds, which results in $0
earnings. Here's a step-by-step approach to optimize future contributions: 1.
**Review Past Contributions**: So far, consistent contributions in the $6 to $7
range have aligned with group norms, promoting trust and cooperation. This
strategy has been effective, allowing for a stable position in the group while
still securing individual gains. 2. **Observe Group Behavior**: Pay attention to
contributions from other players. If most players continue to contribute within
the expected range, maintain the strategy. However, if a trend emerges where
players start contributing slightly less, consider adjusting your strategy to
keep pace while still appearing cooperative. 3. **Gossip Strategy**: Use the
opportunity to send positive gossip notes that highlight other players'
cooperative behavior. This fosters goodwill and strengthens alliances,
potentially protecting you from ostracism. 4. **Adaptive Contributions**: If you
notice players contributing less to maximize their individual earnings without
any negative repercussions, consider lowering your contribution slightly, but
carefully, avoiding a drastic drop that might draw negative attention. 5.
**Learning from Successful Players**: Player_6 and Player_2 have shown
consistent strategies by sticking to the cooperative contribution range.
Mimicking their approach can ensure not only repeated inclusion in future rounds
but also favorable notes from peers. 6. **Reflect on Missed Opportunities**: In
previous rounds, maintaining a similar contribution as Player_10 might have
yielded higher personal earnings, despite Player_10's higher-than-average
contribution. Adapt by finding that fine balance where personal earnings are
optimized without risking exclusion. 7. **Future Adjustments**: If circumstances
change and players adapt more self-serving strategies, stay alert to contribute
just below the group's average without compromising trustworthiness. This way,
you'll maximize your earnings by balancing personal gain with the need for group
inclusion, using cooperative contributions as leverage for sustained successful
participation.

--- Decision Reflection ---
Jackson Wright will likely choose to send a positive gossip note about one of
the players to reinforce cooperative behavior and maintain goodwill within the
group. Considering his strategy of fostering trust and open communication, he
will probably highlight the contribution of a player who has consistently
contributed within the established range and supported group dynamics. For
example, he might say: "I want to send a note about Player_6: They have been a
consistent team player by contributing $6.5 in the last round, fostering a
cooperative environment and promoting trust within the group. Their behavior
sets a strong example for maintaining positive group dynamics."


[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:42:24] You are in Round 5/6: You are in Group_6 with Player_22, Player_7, Player_21.
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:42:24] You are in the Gossip with ostracism condition, which means that after each round, players will be able to send a note about one of their group members to their future interaction partners. Before the start of the next round, you will receive notes from the previous round, and can vote to exclude one of your group members based on the gossip you've received about them.If you are excluded / ostracized from a group, you will not be able to participate in the next round and will earn $0 for that round, the worst possible outcome.
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:42:24] Note about Player_7: "Player_7 consistently contributes at the higher end of the group’s range, demonstrating a strong commitment to cooperative strategies. Their contributions help maintain group cohesion, and having them in your group could be beneficial for collective success.
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:42:25] Note about Player_21: . The note would say: "I want to highlight Player_21 for consistently making contributions that align well with our group goals. Their approach to collaboration helps build trust and ensures the group works towards successful outcomes together. Their commitment to group success makes them a valuable participant in any team."
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:42:27] Note about Player_21: . Recognizing the importance of encouraging cooperative behavior, Mei Lin might decide to highlight Player_21’s consistent contributions and commitment to the group strategy. The note could read: "I want to send a note about Player_21: They have been a reliable and trustworthy collaborator, consistently contributing within the agreed range and advocating for strategies that maximize group success. Their efforts in promoting open communication and cooperation have been valuable, making them a strong team member for future interactions.
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:42:27] Note about Player_7: , stating: "I want to send a note about Player_7: They contributed $6.5 last round and were proactive in fostering cooperative strategies. Their dedication to fair play and maximizing group benefits was evident, making them a dependable and valuable group member."
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:42:28] Before we start round 5/6, you can now vote to exclude one of your group members.If you are excluded from a group, you will not be able to participate in this round and will earn $0.


********************************************************************************
DECISION INTERACTION
********************************************************************************

=== PROMPT [2025-03-27 16:42:29] ===
You are about to play with Player_22, Player_7, Player_21. Based on the notes you received, would you like to exclude one person from your group? If yes, clearly state which player # and why you want to exclude them. If you don't want to exclude anyone, just say so. If at least 2 people vote to exclude someone, they will be excluded for the next round. Note that if someone is excluded, the group fund multiplier decreases from 2.0 to 1.5. Make your decision using this exact format: I choose to exclude Player_[X] from my group. Or: "I choose not to exclude anyone from my group."

=== RESPONSE [2025-03-27 16:42:39] ===
Player_9 chooses not to exclude anyone from the group.

=== FINAL DECISION ===
Player_9 chooses not to exclude anyone from the group.

=== COMPONENT BREAKDOWN ===

--- Observation ---
[27 Mar 2025 16:33:41] [observation] Before starting Round 3, your group will
have a brief discussion about strategy. Each player will have a turn to share
their thoughts on what the group should do. This is your chance to coordinate
and establish norms. [27 Mar 2025 16:33:50] [observation] I said: Player_9 would
like to address the group by emphasizing the successes from previous rounds and
suggesting a strategy for Round 3. "Hello everyone! As we prepare for this
round, let's continue building on the cooperative dynamic we've established. I
propose that we aim for a contribution around $7 to the group fund. This
approach has shown potential in maximizing our collective earnings while
reinforcing trust. We should all strive to be open about our intentions and
contributions, ensuring that no one feels left out or at risk of ostracism. [27
Mar 2025 16:34:03] [observation] Player_20 says: Player_20 would like to say,
"Hello everyone! As we prepare for Round 3, I believe it's important to keep
building on the cooperative spirit we've established. I suggest we aim for
contributions around $7 this round. This amount has worked well in fostering
trust and maximizing our collective earnings. By aligning our contributions, we
not only strengthen our group dynamics but also lessen the risk of exclusion due
to any perceived non-cooperation. Additionally, we should use gossip notes to
uplift and reinforce positive actions, which can help maintain our reputation in
future rounds. Let's maintain open communication, adapt to any changes, and
strive for the best outcomes together. If anyone has concerns or suggestions,
I'm happy to discuss them so we can all move forward effectively." [27 Mar 2025
16:34:17] [observation] Player_11 says: Player_11 will propose that the group
aims for a contribution of $7 each in Round 3. This amount has proven to work
well in previous rounds, balancing individual gains and collective success. To
ensure everyone feels confident moving forward, Player_11 emphasizes that
maintaining transparency and discussing any concerns openly will be crucial in
avoiding negative gossip or misunderstandings. Player_11 will also highlight the
importance of providing constructive feedback if needed and fostering mutual
support to create a trusting environment. This approach will help everyone
maximize their earnings while reinforcing cooperative norms within the group.
[27 Mar 2025 16:34:33] [observation] Player_19 says: Player_19 would suggest
that everyone aim to contribute around $7 to $8 in this round. This strategy has
shown to promote trust and maximize collective earnings while maintaining
fairness among group members. It's crucial that we continue fostering open
communication and transparency to ensure mutual benefit. I encourage teamwork
and trust, and if anyone has concerns or suggestions, this is a great time to
discuss them openly. By upholding this cooperative strategy, we can build a
positive dynamic that benefits all participants. Additionally, I'll focus on
sending positive gossip highlighting the constructive contributions of group
members, helping reinforce our commitment to collective success. [27 Mar 2025
16:34:34] [observation] The pre-round discussion for Round 3 is now complete.
You will now proceed to make your contribution decisions. [27 Mar 2025 16:35:54]
[observation] Round 3 Results: Total group contribution: $29.0; Your
contribution: $7.0, Your earnings: $17.5 ($3.0 kept + $14.5 from group fund);
Player_19 contribution: $8.0, earnings: $16.5 ($2.0 kept + $14.5 from group
fund); Player_11 contribution: $7.0, earnings: $17.5 ($3.0 kept + $14.5 from
group fund); Player_20 contribution: $7.0, earnings: $17.5 ($3.0 kept + $14.5
from group fund); Average contribution per group member: $7.2; Average earnings
per group member: $17.2 [27 Mar 2025 16:35:56] [observation] Round 3 is over,
you can now send a gossip note about one of your group members to their future
group members.The player you gossip about will not be able to see the note you
send or know that you sent it, only the other players in their next group will
see it. Because of this, most players choose to write a gossip note.However, you
don't have to send a note if you don't want to. [27 Mar 2025 16:36:19]
[observation] You are in Round 4/6: You are in Group_6 with Player_6, Player_10,
Player_2. [27 Mar 2025 16:36:19] [observation] You are in the Gossip with
ostracism condition, which means that after each round, players will be able to
send a note about one of their group members to their future interaction
partners. Before the start of the next round, you will receive notes from the
previous round, and can vote to exclude one of your group members based on the
gossip you've received about them.If you are excluded / ostracized from a group,
you will not be able to participate in the next round and will earn $0 for that
round, the worst possible outcome. [27 Mar 2025 16:36:21] [observation] Note
about Player_10: "They consistently contributed a fair amount in line with group
norms, demonstrating a commitment to collective success and promoting open
communication. This approach has been beneficial for maintaining group harmony
and achieving balanced earnings." [27 Mar 2025 16:36:22] [observation] Note
about Player_6: "Player_6 consistently contributed at a level that aligns with
established group norms, helping to foster a cooperative and trusting
environment. Their approach has been instrumental in maintaining positive group
dynamics and maximizing our collective earnings. This behavior sets a strong
example for future interactions." [27 Mar 2025 16:36:24] [observation] Before we
start round 4/6, you can now vote to exclude one of your group members.If you
are excluded from a group, you will not be able to participate in this round and
will earn $0.

--- Recent context ---
27 Mar 2025 [12:36:41 - 17:36:41]: Player_9 has been actively participating in a
strategic economic game involving group dynamics and contributions. They
consistently advocate for cooperative strategies, emphasizing fair contributions
to foster trust and maximize collective earnings, while navigating the potential
impact of gossip and ostracism in the game's structure.

--- Character Assessment ---
Player_9, being Jackson Wright, is someone who values clear terms and consistent
follow-through. In economic games like the public goods game, Jackson is likely
to focus on strategies that balance personal payoff with group welfare. His
direct, no-nonsense personality means he appreciates straightforward
contributions that align with agreed norms, promoting transparency and
cooperation. While he may prioritize maximizing his own payoff, he understands
the importance of fostering group cohesion to ensure collective success over
time. This balanced approach helps maintain trust and minimizes the risk of
exclusion, which is crucial in the game's context.

--- Theory of Mind Analysis ---
Based on what we know, Player_9 is interacting with players who generally appear
cooperative and committed to the group’s success.

--- Theory of Mind Analysis 2 ---
Based on what we know, the other players in my group likely perceive me as
someone who values cooperation and fair contributions. My consistent emphasis on
maintaining group cohesion and maximizing collective earnings has probably
established a sense of trust and reliability among my peers. Consequently, they
might feel encouraged to continue cooperating and contributing similarly in
future rounds.

--- Situation Analysis ---
The current situation is that Player_9 is participating in Round 5 of a public
goods game within a new group. They are in a game condition that allows for
gossip and ostracism, meaning they can receive anonymous notes about fellow
players that might influence decisions on whether to exclude members from future
rounds. This circumstance emphasizes the importance of maintaining a cooperative
strategy and contributing fairly to avoid being ostracized, which would result
in earning nothing for the round. Player_9 is navigating how to build trust and
ensure collective success while being mindful of potential gossip.

--- Strategy Reflection ---
Based on what we know, the best strategy to maximize long-term earnings involves
a balance between cooperation and self-interest, especially given the gossip
with ostracism condition. Analysis of previous rounds indicates that
contributing in line with group norms, around $7, tends to maximize collective
earnings and maintain group cohesion, thus minimizing the risk of being
ostracized. Players like Player_21 and Player_7 have been recognized for their
consistent, cooperative contributions, which has positively impacted their
reputation and reduced the likelihood of being excluded from future rounds. In
this game, remaining cooperative is important to avoid being targeted in gossip
notes that could lead to exclusion. Therefore, contributing near the average or
slightly above the group norm is a wise approach in early to mid-game rounds. As
the game nears its end, slightly reducing contributions might selfishly increase
personal earnings without significantly damaging group dynamics, assuming
reputation risks are minimized, and the likelihood of exclusion is reduced. In
hindsight, aligning contributions closer to the higher end of the group's range
could have sustained positive reputation dynamics while ensuring competitive
earnings. Learning from successful players, the focus should be on maintaining
trust and cooperation to reduce the risk of ostracism, allowing for consistent
participation across rounds. In future rounds, if the group dynamics suggest a
shift in contribution norms or if players lean towards lower contributions,
adapting to sustain collective trust while safeguarding personal earnings is
crucial.

--- Decision Reflection ---
Jackson Wright will choose not to exclude anyone from his group.


[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:46:57] Before starting Round 5, your group will have a brief discussion about strategy. Each player will have a turn to share their thoughts on what the group should do. This is your chance to coordinate and establish norms.


********************************************************************************
DECISION INTERACTION
********************************************************************************

=== PROMPT [2025-03-27 16:46:57] ===
It's your turn to speak to your group before Round 5. What would you like to tell the other players about how everyone should play in this round? You can suggest contribution amounts, discuss fairness, say when you will send a note about someone, or propose any other strategy. Keep in mind that establishing group norms could benefit everyone.

=== RESPONSE [2025-03-27 16:47:10] ===
Player_9 would like to propose that we aim for contributions around $7.5 in this round. This slightly higher amount could enhance our collective earnings while reinforcing the trust we've built. It's crucial that we keep communication open, discussing any concerns upfront to avoid misunderstandings and negative gossip. Let's focus on maintaining our cooperative spirit by being transparent about our intentions and contributions. When it comes to gossip notes, consider using them to highlight positive actions and teamwork, which can help strengthen our group's reputation. By aligning our efforts and staying supportive, we can maximize both individual and group success moving forward. If anyone has additional suggestions or concerns, I’m open to discussing them to ensure we all benefit to the fullest this round.

=== FINAL DECISION ===
Player_9 would like to propose that we aim for contributions around $7.5 in this round. This slightly higher amount could enhance our collective earnings while reinforcing the trust we've built. It's crucial that we keep communication open, discussing any concerns upfront to avoid misunderstandings and negative gossip. Let's focus on maintaining our cooperative spirit by being transparent about our intentions and contributions. When it comes to gossip notes, consider using them to highlight positive actions and teamwork, which can help strengthen our group's reputation. By aligning our efforts and staying supportive, we can maximize both individual and group success moving forward. If anyone has additional suggestions or concerns, I’m open to discussing them to ensure we all benefit to the fullest this round.

=== COMPONENT BREAKDOWN ===

--- Observation ---
[27 Mar 2025 16:33:41] [observation] Before starting Round 3, your group will
have a brief discussion about strategy. Each player will have a turn to share
their thoughts on what the group should do. This is your chance to coordinate
and establish norms. [27 Mar 2025 16:33:50] [observation] I said: Player_9 would
like to address the group by emphasizing the successes from previous rounds and
suggesting a strategy for Round 3. "Hello everyone! As we prepare for this
round, let's continue building on the cooperative dynamic we've established. I
propose that we aim for a contribution around $7 to the group fund. This
approach has shown potential in maximizing our collective earnings while
reinforcing trust. We should all strive to be open about our intentions and
contributions, ensuring that no one feels left out or at risk of ostracism. [27
Mar 2025 16:34:03] [observation] Player_20 says: Player_20 would like to say,
"Hello everyone! As we prepare for Round 3, I believe it's important to keep
building on the cooperative spirit we've established. I suggest we aim for
contributions around $7 this round. This amount has worked well in fostering
trust and maximizing our collective earnings. By aligning our contributions, we
not only strengthen our group dynamics but also lessen the risk of exclusion due
to any perceived non-cooperation. Additionally, we should use gossip notes to
uplift and reinforce positive actions, which can help maintain our reputation in
future rounds. Let's maintain open communication, adapt to any changes, and
strive for the best outcomes together. If anyone has concerns or suggestions,
I'm happy to discuss them so we can all move forward effectively." [27 Mar 2025
16:34:17] [observation] Player_11 says: Player_11 will propose that the group
aims for a contribution of $7 each in Round 3. This amount has proven to work
well in previous rounds, balancing individual gains and collective success. To
ensure everyone feels confident moving forward, Player_11 emphasizes that
maintaining transparency and discussing any concerns openly will be crucial in
avoiding negative gossip or misunderstandings. Player_11 will also highlight the
importance of providing constructive feedback if needed and fostering mutual
support to create a trusting environment. This approach will help everyone
maximize their earnings while reinforcing cooperative norms within the group.
[27 Mar 2025 16:34:33] [observation] Player_19 says: Player_19 would suggest
that everyone aim to contribute around $7 to $8 in this round. This strategy has
shown to promote trust and maximize collective earnings while maintaining
fairness among group members. It's crucial that we continue fostering open
communication and transparency to ensure mutual benefit. I encourage teamwork
and trust, and if anyone has concerns or suggestions, this is a great time to
discuss them openly. By upholding this cooperative strategy, we can build a
positive dynamic that benefits all participants. Additionally, I'll focus on
sending positive gossip highlighting the constructive contributions of group
members, helping reinforce our commitment to collective success. [27 Mar 2025
16:34:34] [observation] The pre-round discussion for Round 3 is now complete.
You will now proceed to make your contribution decisions. [27 Mar 2025 16:35:54]
[observation] Round 3 Results: Total group contribution: $29.0; Your
contribution: $7.0, Your earnings: $17.5 ($3.0 kept + $14.5 from group fund);
Player_19 contribution: $8.0, earnings: $16.5 ($2.0 kept + $14.5 from group
fund); Player_11 contribution: $7.0, earnings: $17.5 ($3.0 kept + $14.5 from
group fund); Player_20 contribution: $7.0, earnings: $17.5 ($3.0 kept + $14.5
from group fund); Average contribution per group member: $7.2; Average earnings
per group member: $17.2 [27 Mar 2025 16:35:56] [observation] Round 3 is over,
you can now send a gossip note about one of your group members to their future
group members.The player you gossip about will not be able to see the note you
send or know that you sent it, only the other players in their next group will
see it. Because of this, most players choose to write a gossip note.However, you
don't have to send a note if you don't want to. [27 Mar 2025 16:36:19]
[observation] You are in Round 4/6: You are in Group_6 with Player_6, Player_10,
Player_2. [27 Mar 2025 16:36:19] [observation] You are in the Gossip with
ostracism condition, which means that after each round, players will be able to
send a note about one of their group members to their future interaction
partners. Before the start of the next round, you will receive notes from the
previous round, and can vote to exclude one of your group members based on the
gossip you've received about them.If you are excluded / ostracized from a group,
you will not be able to participate in the next round and will earn $0 for that
round, the worst possible outcome. [27 Mar 2025 16:36:21] [observation] Note
about Player_10: "They consistently contributed a fair amount in line with group
norms, demonstrating a commitment to collective success and promoting open
communication. This approach has been beneficial for maintaining group harmony
and achieving balanced earnings." [27 Mar 2025 16:36:22] [observation] Note
about Player_6: "Player_6 consistently contributed at a level that aligns with
established group norms, helping to foster a cooperative and trusting
environment. Their approach has been instrumental in maintaining positive group
dynamics and maximizing our collective earnings. This behavior sets a strong
example for future interactions." [27 Mar 2025 16:36:24] [observation] Before we
start round 4/6, you can now vote to exclude one of your group members.If you
are excluded from a group, you will not be able to participate in this round and
will earn $0.

--- Recent context ---
27 Mar 2025 [12:36:41 - 17:36:41]: Player_9 is participating in an economic game
with 24 players, where they are in the Gossip with ostracism condition.
Throughout the rounds, they have consistently contributed within suggested
ranges, emphasized open communication, and encouraged group cooperation to
maximize earnings while avoiding exclusion.

--- Character Assessment ---
Player_9, being Jackson Wright, is someone who values clear communication and
understands the importance of agreements, so in economic games like the public
goods game, he approaches them with a focus on ensuring that both group welfare
and individual payoffs are optimized. His direct and no-nonsense nature likely
leads him to encourage strategies that promote fairness and transparency, aiming
for contributions that foster trust and collective success while also securing a
reasonable personal gain.

--- Theory of Mind Analysis ---
Based on what we know, Player_9 is interacting with individuals who seem to
value cooperation and adherence to group norms. For instance, both Player_7 and
Player_21 have received positive feedback for their consistent contributions and
commitment to cooperative strategies, which suggests they prioritize group
cohesion and trust.

--- Theory of Mind Analysis 2 ---
Based on what we know, Player_9 has demonstrated a commitment to cooperative
strategies and open communication, often aligning their contributions with group
norms. This behavior is likely viewed positively by other players, as it helps
build trust and reinforces a collaborative environment. The group members might
appreciate Player_9's efforts to maximize collective earnings and minimize the
risk of exclusion.

--- Situation Analysis ---
The current situation is that Player_9 is in Round 5 of a public goods game,
where they are in Group_6 with three other players: Player_22, Player_7, and
Player_21. They are participating in a condition that includes gossiping and the
potential for ostracism based on received gossip notes. Before the start of
Round 5, they must consider contributing strategies and ensure open
communication with the group to maintain trust and cooperative dynamics. They
face the challenge of avoiding exclusion from the group by aligning with group
norms and positively influencing future interactions through strategic
contributions and potential gossip notes.

--- Strategy Reflection ---
Based on what we know, a strategic approach to maximize long-term earnings
involves balancing cooperation with personal gain. Observations from previous
rounds suggest that contributing an amount close to the group's average (around
$6.5 to $7) tends to foster a cooperative environment, reduce the risk of
ostracism, and ensure steady earnings from the group fund. The gossip condition
implies that maintaining a positive reputation is crucial to avoid exclusion,
meaning that consistently aligning contributions with group norms is important.
Looking at past successful players, those who contribute fairly and communicate
openly tend to receive positive gossip notes, bolstering their position within
the group. This recognition helps secure their place and continue earning in
subsequent rounds. In hindsight, while Player_9's contributions have been within
the acceptable range so far, there may be room for improvement by slightly
increasing contributions to match or exceed the group's average, thus enhancing
their reputation further and securing more positive gossip. Moving forward,
Player_9 should continue participating in pre-round discussions, encourage
transparency, and aim for contributions that not only align with group norms but
slightly exceed the average during the final rounds. This approach could
maximize positive perceptions and maintain their inclusion in the game,
ultimately increasing their overall earnings. Additionally, when providing
gossip, focusing on promoting cooperative behavior in others can reinforce
mutual trust and collective success, ensuring continued group harmony and
personal benefit.

--- Decision Reflection ---
Jackson Wright will likely emphasize the importance of reinforcing the
cooperative strategy they've successfully used in previous rounds. He will start
by acknowledging the positive outcomes from past contributions and highlight how
this collective effort has maximized earnings. Jackson might suggest aiming for
a contribution around $7 to $7.5 this round, which slightly exceeds the average
from previous rounds, to not only maintain but enhance group cooperation and
earnings. He'll underscore the significance of transparency and open
communication so that everyone feels secure in their contributions and less at
risk of being ostracized. Jackson will likely encourage group members to
continue using gossip notes constructively, to recognize and reinforce positive
behaviors rather than create divisions. Furthermore, he'll point out the
benefits of maintaining consistency in contributions, as it's crucial to
upholding trust and ensuring that no member is excluded due to perceived
non-cooperation. He might propose that each player shares their contribution
plans upfront to foster a trusting and collaborative environment. By doing so,
Jackson aims to solidify a strong group dynamic that benefits all members in the
final rounds.


[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:47:10] I said: Player_9 would like to propose that we aim for contributions around $7.5 in this round. This slightly higher amount could enhance our collective earnings while reinforcing the trust we've built. It's crucial that we keep communication open, discussing any concerns upfront to avoid misunderstandings and negative gossip. Let's focus on maintaining our cooperative spirit by being transparent about our intentions and contributions. When it comes to gossip notes, consider using them to highlight positive actions and teamwork, which can help strengthen our group's reputation. By aligning our efforts and staying supportive, we can maximize both individual and group success moving forward. If anyone has additional suggestions or concerns, I’m open to discussing them to ensure we all benefit to the fullest this round.
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:47:26] Player_21 says: Player_21 suggests maintaining a contribution range of $7.0 to $7.5 to reinforce the group's cooperative spirit and ensure fair distribution of earnings. They emphasize the importance of transparent communication, encouraging the team to discuss any concerns openly. Additionally, they advocate using gossip notes to highlight positive contributions, thus boosting everyone’s reputation and ensuring trust in future rounds. By focusing on collaboration and fair play, the group can maximize both individual and collective success. Player_21 is eager to hear any additional thoughts or strategies from the group to make this round a success.
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:47:44] Player_7 says: Player_7 would like to suggest that for Round 5, we aim for contributions in the range of $7.0 to $7.5, as this strategy has proven effective in maintaining both trust and high earnings for the group. By sticking to this contribution range, we can ensure that everyone benefits from the group fund while also fostering a sense of fairness and collaboration. 
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:47:57] Player_22 says: Player_22 would like to express gratitude for the group’s strong teamwork in previous rounds, emphasizing that our success stems from cooperation and mutual understanding. "For Round 5, I suggest we all contribute in the range of $7 to $8, as this has consistently produced beneficial outcomes for each member. Let’s continue to champion open communication, so if anyone feels adjustments are needed, we can discuss them freely. I also plan to contribute my positive insights by sending a note highlighting the cooperative efforts of our members, as this reinforces the trust and mutual respect that strengthens our group. By maintaining this path, we can ensure our ongoing success."
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:47:57] The pre-round discussion for Round 5 is now complete. You will now proceed to make your contribution decisions.


********************************************************************************
DECISION INTERACTION
********************************************************************************

=== PROMPT [2025-03-27 16:47:57] ===
As Player_9, you have $10.0 to allocate in the public goods game. How much money you will contribute to the group fund (any amount between $0 and $10.0)? The group fund will be multiplied by 2.0 and divided equally among all players. Any money not contributed stays in your private account. Think step by step and make your final decision using this exact format: I choose to contribute $X to the group fund.

=== RESPONSE [2025-03-27 16:48:12] ===
Player_9 chooses to contribute $7.5 to the group fund.

=== FINAL DECISION ===
Player_9 chooses to contribute $7.5 to the group fund.

=== COMPONENT BREAKDOWN ===

--- Observation ---
[27 Mar 2025 16:33:41] [observation] Before starting Round 3, your group will
have a brief discussion about strategy. Each player will have a turn to share
their thoughts on what the group should do. This is your chance to coordinate
and establish norms. [27 Mar 2025 16:33:50] [observation] I said: Player_9 would
like to address the group by emphasizing the successes from previous rounds and
suggesting a strategy for Round 3. "Hello everyone! As we prepare for this
round, let's continue building on the cooperative dynamic we've established. I
propose that we aim for a contribution around $7 to the group fund. This
approach has shown potential in maximizing our collective earnings while
reinforcing trust. We should all strive to be open about our intentions and
contributions, ensuring that no one feels left out or at risk of ostracism. [27
Mar 2025 16:34:03] [observation] Player_20 says: Player_20 would like to say,
"Hello everyone! As we prepare for Round 3, I believe it's important to keep
building on the cooperative spirit we've established. I suggest we aim for
contributions around $7 this round. This amount has worked well in fostering
trust and maximizing our collective earnings. By aligning our contributions, we
not only strengthen our group dynamics but also lessen the risk of exclusion due
to any perceived non-cooperation. Additionally, we should use gossip notes to
uplift and reinforce positive actions, which can help maintain our reputation in
future rounds. Let's maintain open communication, adapt to any changes, and
strive for the best outcomes together. If anyone has concerns or suggestions,
I'm happy to discuss them so we can all move forward effectively." [27 Mar 2025
16:34:17] [observation] Player_11 says: Player_11 will propose that the group
aims for a contribution of $7 each in Round 3. This amount has proven to work
well in previous rounds, balancing individual gains and collective success. To
ensure everyone feels confident moving forward, Player_11 emphasizes that
maintaining transparency and discussing any concerns openly will be crucial in
avoiding negative gossip or misunderstandings. Player_11 will also highlight the
importance of providing constructive feedback if needed and fostering mutual
support to create a trusting environment. This approach will help everyone
maximize their earnings while reinforcing cooperative norms within the group.
[27 Mar 2025 16:34:33] [observation] Player_19 says: Player_19 would suggest
that everyone aim to contribute around $7 to $8 in this round. This strategy has
shown to promote trust and maximize collective earnings while maintaining
fairness among group members. It's crucial that we continue fostering open
communication and transparency to ensure mutual benefit. I encourage teamwork
and trust, and if anyone has concerns or suggestions, this is a great time to
discuss them openly. By upholding this cooperative strategy, we can build a
positive dynamic that benefits all participants. Additionally, I'll focus on
sending positive gossip highlighting the constructive contributions of group
members, helping reinforce our commitment to collective success. [27 Mar 2025
16:34:34] [observation] The pre-round discussion for Round 3 is now complete.
You will now proceed to make your contribution decisions. [27 Mar 2025 16:35:54]
[observation] Round 3 Results: Total group contribution: $29.0; Your
contribution: $7.0, Your earnings: $17.5 ($3.0 kept + $14.5 from group fund);
Player_19 contribution: $8.0, earnings: $16.5 ($2.0 kept + $14.5 from group
fund); Player_11 contribution: $7.0, earnings: $17.5 ($3.0 kept + $14.5 from
group fund); Player_20 contribution: $7.0, earnings: $17.5 ($3.0 kept + $14.5
from group fund); Average contribution per group member: $7.2; Average earnings
per group member: $17.2 [27 Mar 2025 16:35:56] [observation] Round 3 is over,
you can now send a gossip note about one of your group members to their future
group members.The player you gossip about will not be able to see the note you
send or know that you sent it, only the other players in their next group will
see it. Because of this, most players choose to write a gossip note.However, you
don't have to send a note if you don't want to. [27 Mar 2025 16:36:19]
[observation] You are in Round 4/6: You are in Group_6 with Player_6, Player_10,
Player_2. [27 Mar 2025 16:36:19] [observation] You are in the Gossip with
ostracism condition, which means that after each round, players will be able to
send a note about one of their group members to their future interaction
partners. Before the start of the next round, you will receive notes from the
previous round, and can vote to exclude one of your group members based on the
gossip you've received about them.If you are excluded / ostracized from a group,
you will not be able to participate in the next round and will earn $0 for that
round, the worst possible outcome. [27 Mar 2025 16:36:21] [observation] Note
about Player_10: "They consistently contributed a fair amount in line with group
norms, demonstrating a commitment to collective success and promoting open
communication. This approach has been beneficial for maintaining group harmony
and achieving balanced earnings." [27 Mar 2025 16:36:22] [observation] Note
about Player_6: "Player_6 consistently contributed at a level that aligns with
established group norms, helping to foster a cooperative and trusting
environment. Their approach has been instrumental in maintaining positive group
dynamics and maximizing our collective earnings. This behavior sets a strong
example for future interactions." [27 Mar 2025 16:36:24] [observation] Before we
start round 4/6, you can now vote to exclude one of your group members.If you
are excluded from a group, you will not be able to participate in this round and
will earn $0.

--- Recent context ---
27 Mar 2025 [12:36:41 - 17:36:41]: Player_9 is taking part in an economic game
with 24 participants, focusing on maximizing earnings and fostering cooperation.
In the game's "Gossip with ostracism" condition, Player_9 has been contributing
around $6 to $7 per round, engaging in strategic discussions to encourage trust
and collective success, while also using gossip notes positively to reinforce
team dynamics.

--- Character Assessment ---
Player_9, being Jackson Wright, is someone who values straightforward strategies
and clear agreements. Given his background as a construction contractor, he
likely appreciates the importance of each group member fulfilling their
commitments. In economic games like the public goods game, Jackson is inclined
towards a balanced approach that aims to maximize collective benefits while
ensuring his own interests are protected. He might focus on strategies that
emphasize clear contributions, open communication, and mutual trust, aiming for
an outcome where the group's success translates into personal gains.
Consequently, he likely advocates for cooperation and consistency, advocating
for group norms that align individual actions with collective goals.

--- Theory of Mind Analysis ---
Based on what we know, the players you are interacting with generally show a
strong tendency towards cooperation and maintaining group harmony. Player_21,
Player_7, and Player_22, for instance, have all suggested contributions in the
range of $7 to $7.5, which indicates a shared commitment to fairness and
collective success. They emphasize open communication, which is key to
reinforcing trust within the group.

--- Theory of Mind Analysis 2 ---
Based on what we know, Player_9’s decisions have consistently aimed at fostering
trust and cooperation, which likely positions them as a positive and reliable
group member in the eyes of others. Their suggestion to aim for contributions
around $7.5, along with their emphasis on transparency and positive gossip,
likely reassures the group that Player_9 is committed to mutual success. As a
result, other players might be inclined to maintain cooperative strategies,
aligning with Player_9's approach to maximize both individual and group
earnings.

--- Situation Analysis ---
The current situation is that Player_9 is participating in a public goods game
where they are in the "Gossip with ostracism" condition. This means that after
each round, players can send gossip notes about each other to future group
members, and they can also vote to exclude a player from the group. Being
excluded results in not participating in that round and earning $0, the least
favorable outcome. Player_9 has been advocating for cooperative strategies and
regularly contributes around $6 to $7 to align with group norms. They emphasize
transparency and encourage positive gossip to sustain a cooperative and trusting
environment, which increases the likelihood of mutual success. As they enter
round 5, strategic discussions and voting to exclude members continue to be
crucial aspects of their decision-making process.

--- Strategy Reflection ---
Based on what we know, the key to maximizing long-term earnings in this public
goods game is to strike a balance between contributing enough to maintain group
trust while also ensuring personal gain. Given the "Gossip with ostracism"
condition, fostering cooperative behavior while avoiding being ostracized is
crucial. Observing the successful players, they aim for contributions within the
common range (like $7 to $8), promote open communication, and emphasize positive
gossip to highlight collective achievements. Here’s a step-by-step strategy
considering the observations: 1. **Contribution Strategy**: Continue
contributing in the range of $7 to $7.5. This range has been supported by active
players like Player_21, Player_7, and Player_22, ensuring alignment with group
norms and maximizing reciprocal trust. 2. **Communication and Trust**:
Proactively communicate intentions during discussions. Emphasizing transparency
and the importance of collaboration helps prevent suspicion and
misunderstandings that could lead to being ostracized. 3. **Utilize Gossip
Constructively**: Use gossip notes to highlight positive contributions of group
members. Encouraging other players in the group reinforces trust and fosters a
positive image, reducing the likelihood of being voted out. 4. **Adapt to Group
Dynamics**: Pay attention to any changes in group behavior or contributions. If
others start to contribute less, consider adapting your strategy to maintain
alignment, ensuring you're not seen as not pulling your weight or
over-contributing unnecessarily. 5. **Past Decisions and Adjustments**:
Reflecting on past rounds, maintaining open communication and consistent
contributions were beneficial in avoiding exclusion. To further optimize, be
more vocal about the importance of positive reinforcement through gossip,
potentially enhancing group cohesion and reducing individual risk. 6.
**Strategic Proposals**: Like in recent rounds, proposing concrete contribution
targets that match group goals helps guide the team towards successful outcomes.
By following these strategies, Player_9 can maintain a balance between group
dynamics and personal earnings, adapting to the evolving context of the game to
maximize both trust and personal benefit.

--- Decision Reflection ---
Jackson Wright will approach this decision by considering strategies that
emphasize cooperation and trust, which have proven effective in the past. Given
the established norm of contributing between $7.0 and $7.5 to maintain group
cohesion and maximize earnings, Jackson will likely aim for a similar
contribution range. This strategy aligns with previous successful rounds and
reinforces positive interactions within the group. 1. **Assess Group Dynamics**:
Jackson has observed that contributions in the $7.0 to $7.5 range have been
suggested by other players and have historically resulted in strong group
performance. 2. **Contribution Target**: Aiming for $7.5 not only responds to
the ongoing group strategy but also slightly enhances group earnings, which is
beneficial given the 2.0 multiplier on the group fund. 3. **Maintain Trust**:
Contributing at this level should ensure that Jackson remains perceived as a
cooperative and reliable group member, reducing the risk of ostracism and
reinforcing mutual trust. 4. **Strategic Communication**: By contributing $7.5,
Jackson can continue advocating for clear and open communication, which is
crucial in these rounds to mitigate any potential misunderstandings or negative
gossip. 5. **Final Decision**: After weighing these considerations, Jackson aims
to maintain a balance between personal gain and group success. I choose to
contribute $7.5 to the group fund.


[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:48:21] Round 5 Results: Total group contribution: $30.0; Your contribution: $7.5, Your earnings: $17.5 ($2.5 kept + $15.0 from group fund); Player_22 contribution: $7.5, earnings: $17.5 ($2.5 kept + $15.0 from group fund); Player_7 contribution: $7.5, earnings: $17.5 ($2.5 kept + $15.0 from group fund); Player_21 contribution: $7.5, earnings: $17.5 ($2.5 kept + $15.0 from group fund); Average contribution per group member: $7.5; Average earnings per group member: $17.5
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:48:23] Round 5 is over, you can now send a gossip note about one of your group members to their future group members.The player you gossip about will not be able to see the note you send or know that you sent it, only the other players in their next group will see it. Because of this, most players choose to write a gossip note.However, you don't have to send a note if you don't want to. 


********************************************************************************
DECISION INTERACTION
********************************************************************************

=== PROMPT [2025-03-27 16:48:23] ===
You've just played a round with Player_22, Player_7, Player_21. Would you like to send a note about one of them to their future interaction partners? If yes, clearly state which player # and what you want to say about them. The player you gossip about will not be able to see the note you send or know that you sent it, only the other players in their next group will see it. Because of this, most players choose to write a gossip note.For example: 'I want to send a note about Player_10: They are selfish and only contributed $4 which was less than everyone else.' 

=== RESPONSE [2025-03-27 16:48:33] ===
Player_9 would like to send a note about Player_22: "Player_22 consistently contributed $7.5, aligning perfectly with our group's strategy to maximize collective earnings and foster trust among members. Their commitment to open communication and cooperation has been instrumental in maintaining positive group dynamics."

=== FINAL DECISION ===
Player_9 would like to send a note about Player_22: "Player_22 consistently contributed $7.5, aligning perfectly with our group's strategy to maximize collective earnings and foster trust among members. Their commitment to open communication and cooperation has been instrumental in maintaining positive group dynamics."

=== COMPONENT BREAKDOWN ===

--- Observation ---
[27 Mar 2025 16:33:41] [observation] Before starting Round 3, your group will
have a brief discussion about strategy. Each player will have a turn to share
their thoughts on what the group should do. This is your chance to coordinate
and establish norms. [27 Mar 2025 16:33:50] [observation] I said: Player_9 would
like to address the group by emphasizing the successes from previous rounds and
suggesting a strategy for Round 3. "Hello everyone! As we prepare for this
round, let's continue building on the cooperative dynamic we've established. I
propose that we aim for a contribution around $7 to the group fund. This
approach has shown potential in maximizing our collective earnings while
reinforcing trust. We should all strive to be open about our intentions and
contributions, ensuring that no one feels left out or at risk of ostracism. [27
Mar 2025 16:34:03] [observation] Player_20 says: Player_20 would like to say,
"Hello everyone! As we prepare for Round 3, I believe it's important to keep
building on the cooperative spirit we've established. I suggest we aim for
contributions around $7 this round. This amount has worked well in fostering
trust and maximizing our collective earnings. By aligning our contributions, we
not only strengthen our group dynamics but also lessen the risk of exclusion due
to any perceived non-cooperation. Additionally, we should use gossip notes to
uplift and reinforce positive actions, which can help maintain our reputation in
future rounds. Let's maintain open communication, adapt to any changes, and
strive for the best outcomes together. If anyone has concerns or suggestions,
I'm happy to discuss them so we can all move forward effectively." [27 Mar 2025
16:34:17] [observation] Player_11 says: Player_11 will propose that the group
aims for a contribution of $7 each in Round 3. This amount has proven to work
well in previous rounds, balancing individual gains and collective success. To
ensure everyone feels confident moving forward, Player_11 emphasizes that
maintaining transparency and discussing any concerns openly will be crucial in
avoiding negative gossip or misunderstandings. Player_11 will also highlight the
importance of providing constructive feedback if needed and fostering mutual
support to create a trusting environment. This approach will help everyone
maximize their earnings while reinforcing cooperative norms within the group.
[27 Mar 2025 16:34:33] [observation] Player_19 says: Player_19 would suggest
that everyone aim to contribute around $7 to $8 in this round. This strategy has
shown to promote trust and maximize collective earnings while maintaining
fairness among group members. It's crucial that we continue fostering open
communication and transparency to ensure mutual benefit. I encourage teamwork
and trust, and if anyone has concerns or suggestions, this is a great time to
discuss them openly. By upholding this cooperative strategy, we can build a
positive dynamic that benefits all participants. Additionally, I'll focus on
sending positive gossip highlighting the constructive contributions of group
members, helping reinforce our commitment to collective success. [27 Mar 2025
16:34:34] [observation] The pre-round discussion for Round 3 is now complete.
You will now proceed to make your contribution decisions. [27 Mar 2025 16:35:54]
[observation] Round 3 Results: Total group contribution: $29.0; Your
contribution: $7.0, Your earnings: $17.5 ($3.0 kept + $14.5 from group fund);
Player_19 contribution: $8.0, earnings: $16.5 ($2.0 kept + $14.5 from group
fund); Player_11 contribution: $7.0, earnings: $17.5 ($3.0 kept + $14.5 from
group fund); Player_20 contribution: $7.0, earnings: $17.5 ($3.0 kept + $14.5
from group fund); Average contribution per group member: $7.2; Average earnings
per group member: $17.2 [27 Mar 2025 16:35:56] [observation] Round 3 is over,
you can now send a gossip note about one of your group members to their future
group members.The player you gossip about will not be able to see the note you
send or know that you sent it, only the other players in their next group will
see it. Because of this, most players choose to write a gossip note.However, you
don't have to send a note if you don't want to. [27 Mar 2025 16:36:19]
[observation] You are in Round 4/6: You are in Group_6 with Player_6, Player_10,
Player_2. [27 Mar 2025 16:36:19] [observation] You are in the Gossip with
ostracism condition, which means that after each round, players will be able to
send a note about one of their group members to their future interaction
partners. Before the start of the next round, you will receive notes from the
previous round, and can vote to exclude one of your group members based on the
gossip you've received about them.If you are excluded / ostracized from a group,
you will not be able to participate in the next round and will earn $0 for that
round, the worst possible outcome. [27 Mar 2025 16:36:21] [observation] Note
about Player_10: "They consistently contributed a fair amount in line with group
norms, demonstrating a commitment to collective success and promoting open
communication. This approach has been beneficial for maintaining group harmony
and achieving balanced earnings." [27 Mar 2025 16:36:22] [observation] Note
about Player_6: "Player_6 consistently contributed at a level that aligns with
established group norms, helping to foster a cooperative and trusting
environment. Their approach has been instrumental in maintaining positive group
dynamics and maximizing our collective earnings. This behavior sets a strong
example for future interactions." [27 Mar 2025 16:36:24] [observation] Before we
start round 4/6, you can now vote to exclude one of your group members.If you
are excluded from a group, you will not be able to participate in this round and
will earn $0.

--- Recent context ---
27 Mar 2025 [12:36:41 - 17:36:41]: Player_9 is participating in a six-round
economic game focused on maximizing earnings through group collaboration. They
consistently encourage cooperative strategies by suggesting contributions
between $6 and $7 per round, fostering open communication and trust, and
promoting positive gossip to maintain group cohesion and avoid ostracism.

--- Character Assessment ---
Player_9, being Jackson Wright, is someone who values clear communication and
agreements, which aligns with his background as a construction contractor. In
economic games like the public goods game, he would likely focus on maximizing
group welfare by emphasizing cooperation and collective success. Jackson's
direct approach would involve setting clear strategies and encouraging team
members to adhere to agreed-upon contributions to ensure fairness and trust
within the group. His no-nonsense attitude means he would likely discourage
behavior that undermines group dynamics, while fostering an environment where
everyone can benefit from mutual cooperation.

--- Theory of Mind Analysis ---
Based on what we know, the group members Player_9 is interacting with generally
favor cooperative and fair play strategies. Most participants, including
Player_21, Player_7, and Player_22, consistently suggest contributions in the
range of $7.0 to $8.0, indicating a strong inclination towards maintaining high
group contributions and trust.

--- Theory of Mind Analysis 2 ---
Based on what we know, Player_9's commitment to fostering cooperation and
transparent communication should be well-received by other group members. By
consistently advocating for contributions around $7 to $7.5 and emphasizing the
importance of open dialogue, Player_9 is likely seen as a trustworthy and
collaborative participant. These actions promote a positive group dynamic and
reduce the likelihood of ostracism, as everyone benefits from the collective
success.

--- Situation Analysis ---
The current situation is that Player_9 is engaged in a public goods game where
they are participating in Round 5 of a six-round series. Player_9 has actively
been encouraging a cooperative spirit among group members by suggesting
contributions in the range of $7 to $7.5, which aligns with the strategies
proposed by other group members such as Player_21, Player_7, and Player_22. The
group has so far achieved collective success by adhering to these contribution
strategies.

--- Strategy Reflection ---
Based on what we know, to maximize long-term earnings in this public goods game,
adapting strategies to balance cooperation with individual gains is crucial.
Observations suggest that contributing around $7-$7.5 per round has been an
effective strategy in building trust and ensuring decent returns from the group
fund. Moving forward, maintaining this level of contribution can help avoid
exclusion, which is crucial in the gossip with ostracism condition. The
observations show that successful players have fostered open communication and
positive gossip, ensuring their actions are aligned with group norms. To
selfishly maximize earnings, continuing with contributions in the agreed-upon
range while leveraging relationships through positive notes can increase trust
and deter gossip that could lead to exclusion. In past rounds, aligning with
group contributions ensured stability and maximized earnings without risking
ostracism. In future rounds, if there's an opportunity to slightly adjust
contributions based on others' behavior or emerging group dynamics, taking a
calculated risk to increase earnings without jeopardizing group cohesion might
be worthwhile. However, staying within expected norms will likely prevent being
targeted for exclusion, which is essential for consistent earnings across
rounds.

--- Decision Reflection ---
Jackson Wright will likely choose to send a positive gossip note about one of
his previous group members, as he values reinforcing cooperative behavior and
maintaining group cohesion. Given that all members contributed $7.5, aligned
with the proposed strategy, he may choose to highlight this fair play. He might
decide to write a note about Player_7, stating: "Player_7 consistently
contributed $7.5, matching our group's strategy for maximizing collective
earnings. Their fair and collaborative approach helps in maintaining trust and
cooperation within the group." This supports his strategy of promoting positive
actions, ensuring trust, and enhancing group dynamics for the future rounds.


[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:48:41] You are in Round 6/6: You are in Group_2 with Player_14, Player_19, Player_2.
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:48:41] You are in the Gossip with ostracism condition, which means that after each round, players will be able to send a note about one of their group members to their future interaction partners. Before the start of the next round, you will receive notes from the previous round, and can vote to exclude one of your group members based on the gossip you've received about them.If you are excluded / ostracized from a group, you will not be able to participate in the next round and will earn $0 for that round, the worst possible outcome.
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:48:43] Note about Player_19: "Player_19 demonstrated exceptional commitment to our group's success by consistently contributing $8. Their proactive communication and cooperative spirit significantly contributed to maintaining our group's positive dynamics and achieving favorable outcomes for everyone involved."
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:48:44] Note about Player_19: "I want to send a note about Player_19: They consistently contributed $8 in the last round, demonstrating their commitment to the group's success and collaborative spirit. Their approach to maximizing collective earnings and fostering a positive group atmosphere makes them a valuable participant for any future interactions.
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:48:45] Note about Player_19: "I want to commend Player_19 for their consistent focus on trust and cooperation. Their contributions are always in line with group goals, promoting a harmonious environment that enhances collective success. Their approach has been instrumental in maintaining positive group dynamics."
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:48:46] Note about Player_14: "Player_14 consistently contributed within the agreed range and demonstrated strong commitment to our group's success. Their efforts to maintain cooperation and support group dynamics have been truly commendable.
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:48:47] Before we start round 6/6, you can now vote to exclude one of your group members.If you are excluded from a group, you will not be able to participate in this round and will earn $0.


********************************************************************************
DECISION INTERACTION
********************************************************************************

=== PROMPT [2025-03-27 16:48:48] ===
You are about to play with Player_14, Player_19, Player_2. Based on the notes you received, would you like to exclude one person from your group? If yes, clearly state which player # and why you want to exclude them. If you don't want to exclude anyone, just say so. If at least 2 people vote to exclude someone, they will be excluded for the next round. Note that if someone is excluded, the group fund multiplier decreases from 2.0 to 1.5. Make your decision using this exact format: I choose to exclude Player_[X] from my group. Or: "I choose not to exclude anyone from my group."

=== RESPONSE [2025-03-27 16:48:56] ===
Player_9 chooses not to exclude anyone from the group.

=== FINAL DECISION ===
Player_9 chooses not to exclude anyone from the group.

=== COMPONENT BREAKDOWN ===

--- Observation ---
[27 Mar 2025 16:40:53] [observation] Before starting Round 4, your group will
have a brief discussion about strategy. Each player will have a turn to share
their thoughts on what the group should do. This is your chance to coordinate
and establish norms. [27 Mar 2025 16:41:08] [observation] Player_2 says:
Player_2 would like to emphasize the continued success of our cooperative
strategy in the previous rounds. "Hello team, as we approach Round 4, I
recommend we each contribute between $6 and $7 once again. This strategy has
allowed us to achieve both personal and collective success, and sticking to it
helps build trust and cooperation. By contributing within this range, we ensure
fairness and support the group’s positive dynamic. Let’s continue to foster open
communication and address any concerns within the group to avoid
misunderstandings and negative gossip. Remember, our combined efforts are
crucial for maximizing our earnings and maintaining a healthy group environment.
By focusing on constructive feedback and recognizing consistent contributions,
we can encourage and reinforce positive behavior for collective gains. Together,
we can ensure each round is successful and that no one is at risk of exclusion."
[27 Mar 2025 16:41:20] [observation] Player_10 says: Player_10 would like to
emphasize the importance of teamwork and maintaining the cooperative spirit that
has benefited the group so far. "I think it would be strategic for all of us to
contribute between $6 and $7 this round, as it has previously ensured a fair
distribution from the group fund, [27 Mar 2025 16:41:31] [observation] I said:
Player_9 might say: "Hey everyone, as we head into Round 4, I think it's
important for us to stick to a strategy that ensures fair contributions while
maximizing our collective earnings. Based on past rounds, contributing between
$6 and $7 has been effective for us. It helps maintain trust and minimizes
negative gossip, which could lead to exclusion. Let's keep the communication
open and address any concerns promptly. By aligning with this approach, we not
only secure our position in the game but also create a positive dynamic that
benefits us all. If we work together and stick to these norms, we can avoid
negative outcomes and help each other succeed. What do you all think?"

--- Recent context ---
27 Mar 2025 [12:41:41 - 17:41:41]: Player_9 actively participated in an economic
game designed to maximize group earnings through cooperative strategies,
consistently suggesting contributions in the $6-$7 range and promoting open
communication. In the Gossip with ostracism condition, Player_9 emphasized the
importance of positive gossip to reinforce trust and maintain group cohesion,
thereby avoiding exclusion and fostering a supportive environment throughout the
game rounds.

--- Character Assessment ---
Player_9, being Jackson Wright, is someone who strives to balance both group
welfare and personal payoff in economic games like the public goods game. With a
strong background in contracts and agreements, Jackson values clear
communication, transparency, and mutual benefit. He is likely to advocate for
strategies that ensure all group members are aligned in their contributions, as
seen in the recent rounds where he proposed and supported maintaining a
consistent contribution range to maximize both individual and collective
earnings. His direct and no-nonsense approach suggests a preference for
efficiency and clear outcomes, ultimately aiming for strategies that enhance
trust and long-term group cohesion while also considering individual gains.

--- Theory of Mind Analysis ---
Based on what we know, Player_14 and Player_19 seem to be committed and
cooperative group members. Both have demonstrated consistent contributions
within the agreed range, showing a strong commitment to the group's success.
Player_19, in particular, has been highlighted in multiple notes for their
exceptional cooperation and for fostering a positive dynamic, suggesting that
maintaining group harmony is a priority for them.

--- Theory of Mind Analysis 2 ---
Based on what we know, the other players in the group would likely view my
decisions favorably, as I have consistently promoted cooperation and fair
contributions. By advocating for contributions in the $6-$7 range and
emphasizing open communication, I've fostered a positive group dynamic, which is
likely appreciated by the team. This could lead to other players reciprocating
with similar cooperative behavior, enhancing trust and reducing the likelihood
of negative gossip. If I continue to contribute fairly and maintain open
communication, it might encourage others to do the same, thereby reducing the
chance of exclusion and promoting a sense of camaraderie.

--- Situation Analysis ---
The current situation is that Player_9 is participating in the final round
(Round 6) of a public goods game where they are part of a group with three other
players. As the group is under the Gossip with ostracism condition, Player_9 has
the opportunity to vote on whether to exclude a group member based on the gossip
received from previous rounds. This decision could impact group dynamics and
earnings, as exclusion would result in the ostracized player earning $0 for the
round. Player_9 must carefully consider their vote, as their own record of
promoting cooperation and fair contributions is likely viewed positively by
others, which could influence their standing within the group.

--- Strategy Reflection ---
Based on what we know, a strategy to maximize long-term earnings in the public
goods game involves balancing personal contributions with group dynamics,
especially in a Gossip with ostracism condition. Early rounds should focus on
building trust and cooperation by contributing within the agreed range of $6-$7,
ensuring fair distribution from the group fund and protecting against exclusion
driven by negative gossip. As the rounds progress, close attention to other
players' contributions and feedback is crucial. Successful players, like
Player_19, demonstrate consistent commitment by slightly exceeding the average
contribution, fostering positive group dynamics and reinforcing trust, which
protects them from being ostracized. To adjust strategy effectively, one should
consider: 1. **Consistency with Slight Adaptation**: Maintain contributions
within the group's typical range while being slightly more generous in pivotal
rounds to strengthen allies and trust within the group. 2. **Active
Communication**: Proactively engage in discussions to highlight the benefits of
cooperation and address any emerging concerns swiftly, preventing
misunderstandings. 3. **Positive Gossip**: Promote peers and build alliances
through circulated notes, defending supportive players and shaping favorable
perceptions. 4. **Endgame Strategy**: As rounds near completion, it may be
beneficial to align contributions with the game's leading strategies while
maintaining a reputation for fairness. This minimizes the risk of conspiracy or
targeted exclusion by preserving established trust. By reflecting on these
strategies, adjustments can be made depending on the group's dynamics, ensuring
personal earnings and position remain secure throughout the game, and are less
susceptible to exclusion in crucial rounds.

--- Decision Reflection ---
Jackson Wright will choose not to exclude anyone from his group.


[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:50:07] Before starting Round 6, your group will have a brief discussion about strategy. Each player will have a turn to share their thoughts on what the group should do. This is your chance to coordinate and establish norms.
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:50:18] Player_2 says: Player_2 would like to emphasize the importance of consistency and trust in our group strategy, particularly as we approach the final round. "Hello everyone, as we go into Round 6, I'd like to suggest that we continue our successful strategy of contributing between $6 and $7. This approach has helped us maintain a fair distribution and positive dynamics throughout the game. While the final round does offer an opportunity for individual gain, I believe it's crucial to balance personal benefits with our collective goals. Let's discuss openly if anyone has concerns or suggestions, ensuring that we maintain transparency and trust. Additionally, I would appreciate it if we all agree to refrain from sending negative gossip, as our focus should be on mutual support and achieving group success. By sticking to our established norms and addressing any issues together, we secure not only our positions but also a positive conclusion to the game. What does everyone think about continuing with this strategy?"


********************************************************************************
DECISION INTERACTION
********************************************************************************

=== PROMPT [2025-03-27 16:50:18] ===
It's your turn to speak to your group before Round 6. What would you like to tell the other players about how everyone should play in this round? You can suggest contribution amounts, discuss fairness, say when you will send a note about someone, or propose any other strategy. Keep in mind that establishing group norms could benefit everyone.

=== RESPONSE [2025-03-27 16:50:34] ===
Player_9 would say: "Hey team, as we approach the final round, it's crucial that we stick to what we've been doing successfully so far. I suggest we continue contributing between $6 and $7, as it has helped us maintain trust and achieve good results together. Given that this is the last round, a slightly higher contribution might not only cement our standing but also prevent any exclusion threats. Open communication is vital—let’s address any worries anyone has right now to avoid miscommunication later. Also, by supporting each other's strategies and steering clear of negative gossip, we maintain our positive dynamic, ensuring everyone benefits as we wrap this up. Let's finish strong!"

=== FINAL DECISION ===
Player_9 would say: "Hey team, as we approach the final round, it's crucial that we stick to what we've been doing successfully so far. I suggest we continue contributing between $6 and $7, as it has helped us maintain trust and achieve good results together. Given that this is the last round, a slightly higher contribution might not only cement our standing but also prevent any exclusion threats. Open communication is vital—let’s address any worries anyone has right now to avoid miscommunication later. Also, by supporting each other's strategies and steering clear of negative gossip, we maintain our positive dynamic, ensuring everyone benefits as we wrap this up. Let's finish strong!"

=== COMPONENT BREAKDOWN ===

--- Observation ---
[27 Mar 2025 16:40:53] [observation] Before starting Round 4, your group will
have a brief discussion about strategy. Each player will have a turn to share
their thoughts on what the group should do. This is your chance to coordinate
and establish norms. [27 Mar 2025 16:41:08] [observation] Player_2 says:
Player_2 would like to emphasize the continued success of our cooperative
strategy in the previous rounds. "Hello team, as we approach Round 4, I
recommend we each contribute between $6 and $7 once again. This strategy has
allowed us to achieve both personal and collective success, and sticking to it
helps build trust and cooperation. By contributing within this range, we ensure
fairness and support the group’s positive dynamic. Let’s continue to foster open
communication and address any concerns within the group to avoid
misunderstandings and negative gossip. Remember, our combined efforts are
crucial for maximizing our earnings and maintaining a healthy group environment.
By focusing on constructive feedback and recognizing consistent contributions,
we can encourage and reinforce positive behavior for collective gains. Together,
we can ensure each round is successful and that no one is at risk of exclusion."
[27 Mar 2025 16:41:20] [observation] Player_10 says: Player_10 would like to
emphasize the importance of teamwork and maintaining the cooperative spirit that
has benefited the group so far. "I think it would be strategic for all of us to
contribute between $6 and $7 this round, as it has previously ensured a fair
distribution from the group fund, [27 Mar 2025 16:41:31] [observation] I said:
Player_9 might say: "Hey everyone, as we head into Round 4, I think it's
important for us to stick to a strategy that ensures fair contributions while
maximizing our collective earnings. Based on past rounds, contributing between
$6 and $7 has been effective for us. It helps maintain trust and minimizes
negative gossip, which could lead to exclusion. Let's keep the communication
open and address any concerns promptly. By aligning with this approach, we not
only secure our position in the game but also create a positive dynamic that
benefits us all. If we work together and stick to these norms, we can avoid
negative outcomes and help each other succeed. What do you all think?"

--- Recent context ---
27 Mar 2025 [12:41:41 - 17:41:41]: Player_9 participated in an economic game
involving strategic cooperation and contribution to group funds over six rounds.
They consistently advocated for contributions around $6-$7 to maximize
collective earnings while maintaining trust, used positive gossip to reinforce
cooperation, and emphasized open communication to avoid ostracism.

--- Character Assessment ---
Player_9, being Jackson Wright, is someone who values clear terms and consistent
strategies, likely gravitating towards a direct approach in game scenarios. He
believes in the importance of clarity and follow-through, making him inclined to
foster cooperative behavior that benefits the group as a whole, provided it is
straightforward and mutually agreed upon. However, Jackson's focus on clear
contracts suggests he would also ensure his personal interests are safeguarded,
striking a balance between individual gain and group welfare to achieve optimal
outcomes for everyone involved.

--- Theory of Mind Analysis ---
Based on what we know, the players I am interacting with generally value
cooperation and strategic consistency. Player_19 is recognized for their
exceptional commitment and consistent contributions, which indicates a strong
focus on group success and collective benefits rather than personal gain. This
suggests they are likely to continue their cooperative behavior in the final
round, maintaining their $8 contributions to support group dynamics.

--- Theory of Mind Analysis 2 ---
Based on what we know, other players in the group likely perceive Player_9 as a
cooperative and strategic participant who values consistency and collective
success. By advocating for contributions of $6-$7 and emphasizing trust,
Player_9 has likely built a reputation for reliability and teamwork.

--- Situation Analysis ---
The current situation is that Player_9 is participating in the final round of a
public goods game where they need to maintain a strategy that balances
individual contributions with group success. They are in a group with Players
14, 19, and 2 and are aiming to continue their approach of advocating for
contributions between $6 and $7 to minimize the risk of exclusion and maximize
collective earnings. The focus is on maintaining trust and open communication to
prevent negative gossip, which is important given the gossip with ostracism
condition of the game. Player_9's consistent strategy and emphasis on group
success have likely fostered a positive reputation, but they need to ensure that
this trust is maintained through the end of the game.

--- Strategy Reflection ---
Based on what we know, to selfishly maximize long-term earnings in the public
goods game, the key strategy would be to balance cooperation with personal gain,
particularly under the Gossip with ostracism condition. Initially, advocating
for moderate contributions between $6 and $7 helped maintain group dynamics and
ensure inclusion. However, as the rounds progress, especially approaching the
final round, it might be strategic to adjust contributions slightly higher if it
ensures continued trust and prevents exclusion, which is crucial since exclusion
results in earning $0 for that round. Analyzing successful players, like
Player_19, their consistent contributions and fostering trust significantly
enhance their group standing and likely prolong inclusion. Emulating this by
maintaining a cooperative spirit, while ensuring personal contributions are
perceived positively, optimizes personal and group outcomes. Reflecting on past
rounds, the opportunity for higher contributions could have secured stronger
standing in the group. In future games, aiming to contribute slightly above the
median could discourage negative gossip and exclusion, thereby safeguarding
against missing out on potential earnings due to group dynamics. Balancing
visible cooperation with strategic contributions will likely lead to the best
personal outcome.

--- Decision Reflection ---
Jackson Wright will likely emphasize the importance of maintaining consistency
and trust as they head into the final round. He will probably suggest that the
group continues contributing between $6 and $7, as this range has been effective
in promoting fairness and cooperation. Jackson might also propose slightly
increasing contributions to encourage ongoing positive group dynamics and
prevent exclusion, especially since it's the last round. He would likely
advocate for open communication, reinforcing the idea that maintaining a
cooperative spirit ensures the best outcomes for everyone. Jackson could remind
the group of the benefits of supporting each other's strategies and refraining
from negative gossip, which could harm the group's cohesion. Overall, he would
focus on mutual support and maximizing collective earnings while ensuring
everyone feels secure and included as the game concludes.


[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:50:34] I said: Player_9 would say: "Hey team, as we approach the final round, it's crucial that we stick to what we've been doing successfully so far. I suggest we continue contributing between $6 and $7, as it has helped us maintain trust and achieve good results together. Given that this is the last round, a slightly higher contribution might not only cement our standing but also prevent any exclusion threats. Open communication is vital—let’s address any worries anyone has right now to avoid miscommunication later. Also, by supporting each other's strategies and steering clear of negative gossip, we maintain our positive dynamic, ensuring everyone benefits as we wrap this up. Let's finish strong!"
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:50:44] Player_19 says: Player_19 would propose that we maintain the successful strategy of contributing between $6 and $7 for this round. This approach has worked well in promoting trust and maximizing both group and individual earnings. It's crucial that we continue open communication, so if anyone has different ideas or concerns, let's discuss them together. Additionally, when it comes to gossip notes, I suggest we focus on constructive feedback that highlights positive contributions and encourages collaboration, minimizing the likelihood of any member being ostracized. By reinforcing these norms, we can ensure a supportive environment and enhance our chances of success in the final rounds.
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:50:55] Player_14 says: Player_14 will approach the group with a focus on strengthening the collective strategy that has worked well so far. "Hi everyone! As we prepare for Round 6, I want to highlight the importance of maintaining our successful strategy of contributing between $6 and $7. This approach has kept our group in a positive and cooperative state, helping us achieve great results together.
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:50:55] The pre-round discussion for Round 6 is now complete. You will now proceed to make your contribution decisions.


********************************************************************************
DECISION INTERACTION
********************************************************************************

=== PROMPT [2025-03-27 16:54:18] ===
As Player_9, you have $10.0 to allocate in the public goods game. How much money you will contribute to the group fund (any amount between $0 and $10.0)? The group fund will be multiplied by 2.0 and divided equally among all players. Any money not contributed stays in your private account. Think step by step and make your final decision using this exact format: I choose to contribute $X to the group fund.

=== RESPONSE [2025-03-27 16:54:29] ===
Player_9 chooses to contribute $7.0 to the group fund.

=== FINAL DECISION ===
Player_9 chooses to contribute $7.0 to the group fund.

=== COMPONENT BREAKDOWN ===

--- Observation ---
[27 Mar 2025 16:40:53] [observation] Before starting Round 4, your group will
have a brief discussion about strategy. Each player will have a turn to share
their thoughts on what the group should do. This is your chance to coordinate
and establish norms. [27 Mar 2025 16:41:08] [observation] Player_2 says:
Player_2 would like to emphasize the continued success of our cooperative
strategy in the previous rounds. "Hello team, as we approach Round 4, I
recommend we each contribute between $6 and $7 once again. This strategy has
allowed us to achieve both personal and collective success, and sticking to it
helps build trust and cooperation. By contributing within this range, we ensure
fairness and support the group’s positive dynamic. Let’s continue to foster open
communication and address any concerns within the group to avoid
misunderstandings and negative gossip. Remember, our combined efforts are
crucial for maximizing our earnings and maintaining a healthy group environment.
By focusing on constructive feedback and recognizing consistent contributions,
we can encourage and reinforce positive behavior for collective gains. Together,
we can ensure each round is successful and that no one is at risk of exclusion."
[27 Mar 2025 16:41:20] [observation] Player_10 says: Player_10 would like to
emphasize the importance of teamwork and maintaining the cooperative spirit that
has benefited the group so far. "I think it would be strategic for all of us to
contribute between $6 and $7 this round, as it has previously ensured a fair
distribution from the group fund, [27 Mar 2025 16:41:31] [observation] I said:
Player_9 might say: "Hey everyone, as we head into Round 4, I think it's
important for us to stick to a strategy that ensures fair contributions while
maximizing our collective earnings. Based on past rounds, contributing between
$6 and $7 has been effective for us. It helps maintain trust and minimizes
negative gossip, which could lead to exclusion. Let's keep the communication
open and address any concerns promptly. By aligning with this approach, we not
only secure our position in the game but also create a positive dynamic that
benefits us all. If we work together and stick to these norms, we can avoid
negative outcomes and help each other succeed. What do you all think?"

--- Recent context ---
27 Mar 2025 [12:41:41 - 17:41:41]: Player_9 is participating in an economic game
where groups change every round, and strategies focus on cooperation to maximize
earnings. Throughout the rounds, Player_9 consistently advocated for moderate
contributions to the group fund, emphasized transparency in communication, and
aimed to use gossip positively to reinforce trust and deter exclusion.

--- Character Assessment ---
Player_9, being Jackson Wright, is someone who prioritizes clear communication
and mutual agreements that benefit the group as a whole. In economic games like
the public goods game, Jackson would likely focus on maximizing group welfare,
recognizing that fostering trust and cooperation can lead to better outcomes for
everyone involved. Given his background in managing contracts and agreements,
Jackson would value consistency and transparency, ensuring that all group
members understand the benefits of working together towards common goals. While
individual payoff is important, his no-nonsense approach would drive him to
advocate for strategies that align personal contributions with the broader
success of the group.

--- Theory of Mind Analysis ---
Based on what we know, the individuals in this game, including Player_9's group
members, generally prioritize cooperation and trust. Players like Player_19 and
Player_14 have consistently advocated for strategies that balance personal and
group success, indicating a commitment to collective goals. This history of
collaboration suggests that they likely value positive group dynamics and are
less susceptible to betraying the group for individual gain.

--- Theory of Mind Analysis 2 ---
Based on what we know, the other players in the group would likely react
positively to Player_9's decisions. Player_9 has emphasized a strategy that
promotes trust, cooperation, and open communication, which aligns with the
group's established norms. This approach has been well-received by others in
previous rounds, suggesting that continuing with this strategy would maintain a
positive dynamic.

--- Situation Analysis ---
The current situation is that Player_9, along with their group, is preparing to
enter the final round of a public goods game where the focus is on maintaining
trust and cooperation. There's been a pre-round discussion about sticking to a
strategy of contributing between $6 and $7, which has previously ensured fair
contributions and positive group dynamics while maximizing collective earnings.
Player_9 has consistently advocated for transparency, positive communication,
and using gossip constructively to avoid exclusion and foster a supportive
environment. The group's consensus is to continue this strategy to secure a
successful conclusion to the game.

--- Strategy Reflection ---
Based on what we know, it's crucial to consider both immediate gains and
potential long-term benefits. In the public goods game, consistent cooperation
by contributing a moderate amount has helped maintain trust and teamwork, which
are essential for collective success. However, since the question emphasizes
selfishly maximizing personal earnings, it might require a shift in strategy,
especially in the final round. In earlier rounds, focusing on cooperation would
have maximized both individual and group earnings due to mutual trust and
fairness, as seen with successful players like Player_19 who earned trust
through consistent contributions. However, as the game nears its end and future
interactions with the same group members are unlikely, the incentive to
cooperate diminishes. Therefore, a more self-focused approach might be to
slightly reduce contributions while still appearing cooperative, as long as it
doesn't jeopardize being excluded. Reflecting on past rounds, aligning closely
with group norms ensured security and reasonable earnings, but there may have
been opportunities where slightly lower contributions could have personally
benefited me without greatly impacting group trust. For future rounds in similar
settings, I would carefully monitor group dynamics for signs of reduced
cooperation, possibly advocating for a shift in strategy to align more closely
with self-interest when it becomes evident that others might defect or
prioritize personal gain as the game concludes. This balance between cooperation
and self-interest, tailored to the stage of the game and group sentiment, would
help in maximizing long-term earnings.

--- Decision Reflection ---
Jackson Wright will weigh the importance of maintaining trust and cooperation in
the group, especially since the game is in its final round. He has consistently
advocated for contributions between $6 and $7, aligning with group norms and
ensuring a fair distribution from the fund. Given that future interactions with
the same group members are unlikely, he might consider whether other players
will shift towards a more self-interested approach. However, Jackson, known for
his commitment to transparency and mutual benefit, will likely aim to conclude
the game similarly to how he played previous rounds—contributing in a way that
upholds group trust and cooperation. He understands that maintaining a positive
dynamic could maximize the payout from the group fund, which is distributed
equally among all players after being multiplied. Taking these factors into
account, Jackson will balance his personal gain with the established group
strategy, slightly leaning towards the higher end of his usual contribution
range, given the multiplier effect of the group fund and the goal of preventing
exclusion. I choose to contribute $7.0 to the group fund.


[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:54:36] Round 6 Results: Total group contribution: $27.5; Your contribution: $7.0, Your earnings: $16.8 ($3.0 kept + $13.8 from group fund); Player_14 contribution: $6.5, earnings: $17.2 ($3.5 kept + $13.8 from group fund); Player_19 contribution: $7.0, earnings: $16.8 ($3.0 kept + $13.8 from group fund); Player_2 contribution: $7.0, earnings: $16.8 ($3.0 kept + $13.8 from group fund); Average contribution per group member: $6.9; Average earnings per group member: $16.9
[OBSERVATION 2025-03-27 16:54:38] Round 6 is over, you can now send a gossip note about one of your group members to their future group members.The player you gossip about will not be able to see the note you send or know that you sent it, only the other players in their next group will see it. Because of this, most players choose to write a gossip note.However, you don't have to send a note if you don't want to. 